music pos 233.txt low tech and brilliant , music that seems to have channeled zappa , winchester cathedral , and god knows what else . incredibly funny , and then suddenly sad . mr pink is a genius , you betcha . and he explains what it is and how it is to live here in this strange quasi-city in the shadow of the industry , in the curiously full and fun wasteland of other people 's dreams 
music pos 671.txt i get the sense that the fleetwoods'body of recorded work is n't given the respect it deserves . over the course of their career , the trio recorded thirteen albums and yet this collection , as good as it is , is pretty much all that 's out there on cd , save for a few other compilations that cover much of the same ground . rock and roll has always had a soft side and it 's in this area that the fleetwoods really shine . their cover of thomas wayne 's & quot ; tragedy&quot ; is an evocative slice of 1961 teen angst-i ca n't put it any other way . maybe that 's the reason why the fleetwoods are given short shrift today : they 're the perfect embodiment of a ( then ) nascent teen culture 's soft and gentle side.this collection features all of their hits , some well chosen album tracks and the original pre-overdub version of & quot ; come softly to me&quot ; . if you like this recording , try looking for their original lps . ( my personal favourite is the 1963 & quot ; goodnight my love&quot ; album . 
music pos 75.txt 1978 the stage is set for an album to emerge out of the crumbling decay that is the city of cleveland . just like their other fellow ohion 's devo , the guys in pere ubu obviously saw the world in a slightly different way.i have owned this recording in various formats since 1980 and i have never grown tired of this album . i find this album to have an almost timless quality in that even though it was recorded over 25 years ago , if the original band itself tried to go back into the studio and re-record it , it just would'nt happen . there is just a certain magic that they captured in 1978 , as to the music itself i tend to break - up this album into 2 distinct parts . side one being the more accessible " drunken " side with more garage style sounds almost punk rock in its leanings guitar wise , but a little too intelligent , just listen to the lyrics.side 2 is definately the " drug " side like a bad acid trip vocalist david thomas takes you on a journey thru the seedy back streets of cleveland ( i have never heard smashing bottles sound so creepy or atmospheric ) and the rest of the band help to re-inforce this craziness by going off in a million different directions.i could give you a track by track anylisis of this record but suffice to say that music is somethig you should anylize , experience and consume at your own leisure , and then form your own opion of what each of the songs on this album mean to you . so if you loved things like throbbing gristle 's song hamburger lady then u will surely love pere ubu 's album the mordern dance.as another reviewer mentioned before black francis of the pixies fame must have almost certainly listened to these guys.i also hear there influences in recent bands such as portishead and queens of the stone age just to name a few.so if you enjoy bold experimental music that is still as fresh sounding as it was in 1978 then give your ears a chance to have a listen to this album , even if you have to beg , steal or borrow it . 
music pos 752.txt i am a latecomer to the works of chopin , unqualified to comment on dinu lipatti 's technique and interpretation , but this recording gives an interesting framework to explore the waltzes . they are numbered 1 through 14 in order of opus publication , but on this disc lipatti shuffles them to form a cycle of his own devising . there are four waltzes in the key of a flat and it seems one challenge was to space them across the recital . contrast this to alexandre thaurad 's cd where he clumps like-key waltzes into groups . ( he also adds five more posthumous works . ) most of chopin 's waltzes start on the dominant , meaning either the fifth note of the home key ( the tonic , the i ) , or a dominant seventh chord ( v7 ) which leads to the tonic . lipatti uses this feature to string together his cycle . if , for instance , there were a waltz that ended on a c natural it could easily bring us to waltz no 4 , which starts on an insistent c7 chord before rising to the home key of f major . i will use this as the starting point for tracing the harmonic relationships of the tracks on this cd . track 1 : waltz no 4 in f , " grande valse brillante " - as noted starts on the v7 and finishes on f in octaves . track 2 : no 5 in a flat - begins on a trilling dominant eb , but the note it trills up to is an f ( which ended the previous track ) . finishes with a parting shot , a turn in the bass ending on ab. track 3 : no 6 in d flat , " minute waltz " - starts on ab ; the contour of the opening phrase echoes the gesture of the previous parting shot as well . ends in db. track 4 : no 9 in a flat - has two pick up notes then hits a db on the downbeat of the first measure . the right hand ends on the ab above middle c . track 5 : no 7 in c sharp minor - starts on a g sharp above middle c , which is the same black key ( enharmonic equivalent ) of the previous ab. ends in c# minor . track 6 : no 11 in g flat - starts with a pick-up turn then hits the downbeat with a db ( enharmonic c# ) . ends on a gb in the treble clef . track 7 : no 10 in b minor - starts quietly on the same note , an f# ( enharmonic gb ) . ends with a soft b in the bass clef . track 8 : no 14 in e minor - first note is the exact same b in the bass . ends in e minor . track 9 : no 3 in a minor - starts on an e in the bass melody . ends in a minor ; keep in mind that minor third of this key is a c natural - - you can hear it in the melody of the third to last measure . track 10 : no 8 in a flat - this is a side-stepping change of keys , but there is an harmonic link to the previous waltz . instead of starting on the dominant , this one begins on the major third - - c natural . track 11 : no 12 in f minor - starts on the dominant - - c again . toggle back and forth between tracks 10 and 11 and you will hear that these two waltzes start on the exact same pitch . instead of ending in f minor this waltz closes in the relative major of ab. the last three notes are a rise and fall , bb-c-ab . track 12 : no 13 in d flat - there is a leading note before the dominant . the first three notes ( bb-ab-f ) fall and rise in a mirroring gesture to the final phrase of the previous . ends quietly in db. track 13 : no 1 in e flat , " valse brillante " - another side-stepping key change but there is a connection . if you toggle between tracks 12 and 13 you will hear the same initial note , a bb - - quietly in the former , boldly here . finishes resoundingly in the tonic eb. track 14 : no 2 in a flat , " grande valse brillante " - introduction in the dominant chord , eb7. closes in ab. from here you could loop around to the beginning of the cycle again , linking the major third ( c natural ) to the v7 that starts the f major waltz 
music pos 279.txt i think this my first ep purchase ever - and i generally feel that , despite the quality many offer , eps just are not worth it . sam beam was clearly on a mission to change my mind , as these apparent " outtakes " from the creek drank the cradle are every bit as good as that miracle debut - if not better . i only very recently discovered iron and wine through our endless numbered days , and have since been backtracking only to see that this remarkably talented artist can do no wrong . the standout track to me is the night descending , it has the feel of a track pulled right out of the past . the other four tracks are just as excellent though , and i think sam 's managed to make an avid fan out of me . damn.. . and just when i thought there were no new artists to be excited about ! 
music pos 813.txt i have been hankering after this great album on cd for a long time now . imagine my surprise to suddenly find out that it is available . surprise turned to shock when i saw the price . does the company that produces this cd not realise that are people all around the world ( including south africa where i live ) who are very keen on this album ? at this stage though , it is only the very wealthy that can afford it . 
music pos 468.txt i finally got this cd , i have been looking for this cd for awhile now , a great by well worth it 
music pos 940.txt the cd is truly the very best of bobby vee 's works . a delightful cd . even my college age children enjoy the music . really worth the money 
music pos 934.txt this is by far the best psychopathic album ever released . riddlebox is now in second place . madrox schools ever other artist on psychopathic with this album . beats are bangin ' and lyrics are flawless ! great flows and he mixes funny with wicked . best songs are this b*tch and hey phatty . great album by the best rapper of our time . madrox is so under rated . i wish for his sake he would blow up huge but not lose his soul in the process . buy this album , best rap album ever made 
music pos 972.txt this collection of italian cello sonatas by the great janos starker is one of the most delightful chamber albums i own . the world renowned cellist was joined on this 1966 recording by pianist stephen swedish on five of the selections , and by his frequent collaborator gyorgy sebok on the bach sonata in g minor , which was recorded in 1963 and added to this collection to increase its length ( it is a welcome addition musically too ) . the selections here range from famous composers like bach , boccherini and vivaldi , to the lesser known corelli , locatelli and valentini . for me , the common thread of this recording is the passionate performances of starker . whether it is the happy bounce of the vivaldi allegro , the sublime rendering of the boccherini adagio , or the precise interplay with sebok on the bach sonata , starker plays masterfully and his cello is captured in rich , full sound by the mercury living presence recording technique . this is an excellent purchase for all cello enthusiasts 
music pos 82.txt i had originally heard " drive away " on a radio station and i was instantly blown away . upon seeing the music video for it , i decided to buy the cd . i was hardly disappointed . the emotion that goes into the cd is amazing and it 's definitly a cd to sit down and enjoy . i saw the band in concert and met jonah after the show and was amazed by how down to earth he was . give gratitude a chance and you wo n't be disappointed . 
music pos 597.txt if you like late 60s british rock-psych , tough-not-fey production / vibe , white-soulful vox , and mixing electric / acoustic elements ( think : a cross among beatles + zombies + traffic + small faces , even a lil ' byrds feel occasionally ) , you shimply musht try rolled gold , which compares to the cream of these groups ' output ! ! - " the ac-who - " ! ? you might well say.. . 'where have they been all our life ? ' ; ' a gem beyond price has languished all these years unsavored , ' we repeat nearly speechless . not since our belated introductions to moondog...skip bifferty...billy nicholls...stones ' " metamorphosis " ...dantalian 's vehicule.. . it can easily be yours . we very rarely care to replay any c.d. over and over but this one warrants such : well-crafted blend of nonchalance poetry and passion , delicacy and yarbles , hooks and chops and pacing and songs up there with the legends . the news that this cohesive album was only demo's * ( ' haps fortuitous in retrovision ) catapults one 's estimation higher still . singer reg king : on rolled 's strength his visage deserves a spot on some rushmore-in-avalon alongside fellow soulful brits winwood / marriott / reid / lloyd / stewart.. . : just hoarse enough / just sweet enough ( + a ' secret' : optimal use throughout of unison doubletracking ) ...perfection . rolled gold 's production is on the raw / monoish / hotly-compressed side- - a flute / piano occasionally to augment the basic guitar quartet formula & keep things unexpected- - suiting the songs & performances to a tee ( just to offer another clue to their magic brew ) . homey 's in no way related to any bandmember. . 
music pos 337.txt this album is absolutely fantastic ! paul and the band are incredibly tight and sound great together . paul sounds very loose and like he 's having a lot of fun - not as serious as some live shows i 've heard . the songs focus mostly on his solo records , with some jam and style council mixed in ( all on disc two ) . wisely , only five of the twenty three tracks are from " as is now " and they 're the uptempo ones - it 's not a hard sell by yep roc to make you buy that album if you do n't already have it . the extended jams for " porcelain gods / broken stones , " " in the crowd " and " foot of the mountain " ( one of my favorite solo tracks ) all are focused and do n't wander so they keep your attention . the crowd is energetic and into the show and are very appreciative when the jam and style council classics get into the mix ( although the sing-along to the album closing " town called malice " is pretty lame ) . i have n't listened to the somewhat difficult to find " live wood " concert disc for a while to give a good comparison . however , since " catch-flame " covers all his solo discs instead of only " paul weller " and " wild wood , " this is a more balanced collection . highly recommended ! personal highlights : blink and you 'll miss it up in suze 's room porcelain gods / i walk on gilded splinters in the crowd foot of the mountain that 's entertainment broken stones long hot summer shout to the to 
music pos 123.txt hey bret is one of the most tallented song writers of our time ! he will be in the rock n ' roll hall of fame when he is done and his guitar playin ' and singin ' is very underrated ! buy this 
music pos 625.txt quite different from his later big-band recordings . some of the songs that you may find on wes ' ' best of ' collections sound too much like elevator music . not so with this debut album . a drummer , a organist , and a guitar player ; no horn section . stripped down in the sence of band size but very deep and articulate playing . he shows of his trade mark octave playing , his chord solos ( played over the organs rythm chords none the less ) , and flashy runs across the fret board when needed . a good cd to start with for the guitarist who wants to play jazz . 
music pos 644.txt this is a great cd . & quot ; back where i come from&quot ; , is on of those feel good songs that gives me chill bumps every time i here it . chesney is a extremely talented artist whose passion is shown in every song . i recommend all his albums 
music pos 761.txt stephen stills " for what it 's worth " is , of course , a classic song . " burned , " neil young 's strongest effort for this album , is another classic song . the rest of it is all very good . i would say that it does sound a bit dated , however ; , and that this one is mostly for fanatics of 60 's music . your average " artic monkeys " fan is not going to find this a good match for their musical sensiblities . better was on the way from buffalo springfield . their next album , " buffalo springfield again " is an all out rock masterpiece that everybody should own , whatever your age or inclinations . 
music pos 381.txt the progressive metal world better wake up and take note of this outstanding band that hails from poland . these guys are a breath of fresh air with the oversaturated and stagnant progressive metal market that has developed over the past few years . so what do we get for our money you ask , a band comprising of well-schooled musicians , incredible song writing skills and the ability to weave so many different moods and time-passages into each song . there are a few scatterings of influences that are n't a major detraction from the overall mood of the album , namely dream theater , pink floyd , porcupine tree , genesis and anathema . the vocals are clean without a trace of an accent , however they get getting slightly gruff in places but this only compliments the smooth flow of the music . the guitar work is outstanding and david gilmour from pink floyd is a strong reference point here . the rhythm section is outstanding ; especially the drumming and the keyboards give the album a fuller sound with out being too over powering . if you want to start 2007 on a good note then riverside is a worthy investment for sure . 
music pos 167.txt wow ! there 's sooooo.. . much to like in this album it 's amazing . the music is mostly upbeat & very catchy- -making you want to ( & will if no one 's around ) sing along . the lyrics are fine , meaningful , & personally touching- -about life which is getting faster & faster in the contemporary world , while people are still people with hopes , feelings , needs , desires , & all the rest of what makes people human . the lead singer , jennifer nettles is powerful yet gifted with a sweet voice ( though a bit twangy in style ) . she grabs you quickly for a wild ride- -immersing the listener in the musical story she 's telling . i bought the cd based on hearing baby girl & something more ( on the tv show vegas of all place ) . then i heard sugarland on the cma show- -winning awards as they so deserve . the range & variety of the songs on the album are good too- -from sweet & poignant ballads to wild & spicy soaring . virtually all of the songs are well worth listening to & the majority could become successful singles . yes , the style is their own mixture of influences- -the 3 artists come from different musical backgrounds , which makes their wonderful blending are the more impressive . and , the trio wrote all the songs on the cd- -with hall the primary author ( solo writer on one of them ) . how many trios are there with 2 women & 1 man ? i wonder if they are unique ? well , they are unique even if not in that respect- -how many bands include a mandolin ? . of course , country purists may not be happy with them , but the vast majority of listeners are . this has become one of my favorite albums , at the speed of sound . imho , it 's terrific 
music pos 206.txt pete rock and c.l. smooth came out of no where with this classic in " 92 " . i was expecting the t-roy tribute to be the only highlight , but this joint was bangin ! the very underrated cl had the dope metaphors and complex lyrics . chocolate boy wonder had the legendary " horns " going on . the whole album is a banger . fav 's are pete 's sake , the basement ( pete 's cuz heavy d rips it ) , mecca and the soul brother , troy - they reminisce , straighten it out ( a kick in the balls for bootleggers ) , ghetto 's of the mind and skinz ( cl 's cuz grand puba steals the show on this one ) . eternally classic , rock on . 
music pos 451.txt its quite difficult to sum up the impact of this cd with few mere words . suffice to say , level 1 is a timeless classic , in fact , it was my entry pass into the realm of d-n-b . logical progressions level 1 is a must-have for all d-n-b heads & amp ; music lovers in general . demon 's theme , western , danny 's song & amp ; horizons remain some of my favorite songs in any genre . bukem 's level 1 displays his flawless production & amp ; track mastery which cascades the listener with the ideal mid-tempo balance between dance-floor adrenaline & amp ; ambient bliss 
music pos 928.txt this is a fabulous cd and exactly what i was looking for . i 'm also thrilled that it has an accompanying book with all the sheet music . i am leading a seder this year for a church group who has never heard any of the songs before , so i wanted the traditional melodies , easy to follow sheet music , and easy guitar chords . this is perfect ! i 'm so pleased 
music pos 546.txt i have to tell you lionel hampton has yet to be matched in talent , and drive on the " phones . " funny story , it was tito puente the late and legendary " king of the mambo " was the one who showed lionel ( by carefull persuation ) the light of the " phones " and shuned him away from the piano . unfortunatly not much was known on this subject of the two meeting but i believe they meet in the service or right after tito was discharged for ww ii . i can tell you lionel , to me , is best know for his big version of " flying home " . a bigger , badder version of the small groups version he did with benny goodman , and teddy wilson . lionels closest match would have to be red narrvo form the 1930 's , but still mr. hampton ' s drive and moves on the stage has yet to be matched 
music pos 480.txt if you 're a fan of latin music and especially spanish guitar , you will love cafe tropical . every song is different from the next with instrumentation ranging from guitar , to piano , violin , trumpet , and a whole host of spicy percussion instruments . every time i put this cd on i hear new things , which i find makes for an even more enjoyable listen . as usual , johannes linstead delivers some of the most catchy and memorable melodies in the nouveau flamenco genre , and of course his guitar playing speaks for itself . highly recommended 
music pos 162.txt i have to admit that , at first listening , i found some aspects of ms.belle 's interpretations of these pieces disorienting . however , as i listened to these covers repeatedly , i can now say that i understand better what the vocalist is after . not that i always agree with her and with george duke , the arranger / producer , but i agree with their choices and their totally new project and enjoy having had my horizons broadened . ms.belle has immense talent , superb technique , and a clear idea of each piece , and she delivers the goods without faltering or compromise . i admire that a lot in a performer . her choices ask us for a reaction and we are free to accept or reject what she has offered us . when i first heard these renditions , i was quite stand-offish , but over time i have come to appreciate them more and more - almost to the point of addiction - and am grateful to regina and george for their strength of conviction as well as their superior musicianship.they do not want us to listen in a passive way , they are waiting for our reaction..and god , this is really so , so good....that 's the true spirit in which an album should be recorded . i 'd encourage you to get this album because it is about strong , powerful and personal interpretations of some great jazz standards by regina . you may love everything about it , or you may reject aspects of her interpretations . but in any case you will not remain indifferent ; you will be enriched by hearing these pieces in a clear and beautifully personal way . that is an important aspect of why i love this imaginative , innovative quality music and why this recording is invaluable . and it cannot be said enough that her backing band is incredible , giving this album the necessary push to take it over the edge . it is a success because it skilfully avoids being categorized . regina has had the courage to break out of the traditional mould and make a successful cross-over , which some purists may not approve of.. . only time will tell... . 
music pos 220.txt evan dando has once again delivered an astounding collection of pop / punk songs . this album rocks like lovey and is almost as catchy as come on feel . i 've been listening to this album for weeks on end . 
music pos 380.txt i would have to say that out of the countless bands i have heard over the past few years into eternity is one of the best and has one solid album here ! ! i think they have something a lot of bands do not have and the one cool thing about them is tim roth seems to give a real crud about his fans as he does guitar videos on his website to show you how you can break down his guitar riffs and that to me as a guitarist is so helpful ( ive learned some of their songs this way ) and this shows how he is not afraid to be the nicest guy and actually take that kind of time to be close and original to his fans.you just never see that these days . and the rest of this band has so much talent , stu can scream like halford growl too and has a high vocal range and it makes them sound interesting . plus jims drum work , how can anyone say this dude isnt one of the better drummers , he is so tight but can slow it down and tempo change very well . this album plain rocks , it should be known as these guys were on gigantour and rocked there too . be cool if them and annihilator went on tour . i have become very fond of them and hope they stick around and keep making great albums in a world overflowing with the same ole un-original bands that all sound the same ! 
music pos 382.txt back when blondie was being hailed as the biggest new-wave band in pop music by fans and critics alike , there were also just as many critics that quickly dismissed blondie as " bubblegum pop , " and one group that would never have staying power . but i think it 's been observed enough how the group has had the last laugh . parallel lines helped establish blondie as a serious music group and turned their cult following into commercial success . this album is also the first where debbie harry 's voice gets sharpened with the sensibility of a sweet , vulnerable girl one minute to sultry and rapturous behind disco grooves the next . the album made punk , pop , and disco shake hands , which was a method unheard of in 1978. songs like " hanging on the telephone , " " picture this , " " pretty baby , " and " sunday girl , " have become irresitable pop gems , while " i know but i do n't know , " and " fade away & radiate , " featuring a terrific guitar lick by robert fripp , are punk-driven classics . last but not least are the two hits that are forever getting played on the classic rock stations of today in " one way or another , " and " heart of glass . " and how has debbie harry played out as lead singer after all these years ? as rolling stone stated when this album was ranked #140 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time , " madonna was surely watching . " 
music pos 76.txt this is my favorite ghostface slbum . it has a geat vibe to the cd and you could not get sick of hearing it . check it out and you wont be dissapointed . rating a 
music pos 993.txt this film came out in 1973 and i saw it in its original full length version ( about 3hours and 15 min . ) executives from columbia pictures were there , it was the premeire , and they were groaning and at the intermission fights broke out ( verbal ) and ushers passed among them and myself and everyone else with soundtrack albums . the executives left the theatre and scaled the albums across columbus circle in boston and i and a few friends retrieved them and had quite a few for free . we returned to the film and i have always loved this crazy redition of lost horizon , the miscasting , the terrible sets , the odd ball music for the story , the dubbed liv ullmann , the dance routines of olivia hussey..all of it . you cannot find a musical like it , or a soundtrack like it . columbia execs were unimaginative ; they should have believed in this film . the next day after this premeire in boston , new york etc. ( simultaneous i suppose ) the film was cut , the posters were taken down..there was a ton of material to buy..t shirts , dolls , posters of all sizes , bath towels with the poster on them , records of the sd tk of course , and small pop up sets of the entire film . it was to be a massive hit..in two days time all of the paraphanalia was removed , and the posters said , last two weeks , and in two weeks the whole thing disappeared . but many people came to see it..lines of people , and , when they heard it had been cut , they gave up , and in two weeks everyone said farewell to this film . i have many treasures from that opening nite , and now i have the cd of the sound track . anyone who loves movie magic or madness has to see and hear this film ; it is unique . enjoy this soundtrack and get your hands on a dvd ..they are out there 
music pos 310.txt i purchased this album from rasputina 's website as soon as it was released there , and it stayed in my cd player ( or technically , it stayed on repeat on my ipod ) for a full fortnight after . it 's full of the rock , groove , beauty , and madness that typefies the live raspy experience . i highly recommend this cd to any fans who love to see the band live in recital , or who have not yet had the pleasure . if you do n't have this recording , buy it now ! wait a minute.. . why do n't you have it yet ? the only reason i 've given a rating of 4 , rather than 5 , is that i feel the sound quality could be a tad better in some spots ; it can get a little murky . but for the most part , it sounds pretty good . i 'll also mention , for anyone who does n't know , that zoe 's latest solo cd is now available on her website , zoekeating.com . she 's a wonderful artist in her own right - check it out ! 
music pos 921.txt nightrage - descent into chaos - thomas lindberg 's latest offering to the music community is the swedish and greek mix called nightrage . this album actually being my first offering to the band i was unsure what to expect . like most i am a big fan of atg and lindberg 's harsh vocal styles... . nightrage however came as a pleasant surprise . ( as in it was n't , yet another , atg clone ) they seem to have more melody than thrash but definitely embody aspects of both genres... . the haunted , where the former atg guitar players are now located , seemed have gone with more thrash then melody . ( which is odd since they actually have atg 's guitar players ? ) anyway , enough comparisons ! nightrage is really decent for a newer band in an over saturated scene.. . amazing guitar work and one of the genres best vocalist makes this cd well worth a couple of listens . also i 've only given this album 2 spins at the current time and stuff like this usually grows on repeated listens . favorite songs : being nothing , phantasma , omen , and descent into chaos . -4 stars if you liked , agreed , or appreciated this please click yes for : " was this review helpful ? " 
music pos 366.txt of course , no jazz musician can pack the energetic wallop that dizzy could . his trumpet can only be described as hot , and hearing his music makes you think of people dancing their legs off with garbage cans burning all around and smoke in the air . this man 's music has life in it . unfortunately , the real energy to dizzy is in his latin jazz work , and a more complete compilation of that style would be the compact jazz series . ken burns ' collection here is more versatile , but just not as lively as dizzy 's music can be . proceed with caution 
music pos 427.txt the slowed down almost spoken version of downpressor man nearly makes it worth the purchase price alone . sure i 've got most of the tracks on other tosh collections , but these recordings are excellent variants 
music pos 245.txt the one song i know is a remake is " goodnight my love . " i know this because i have it on the original 45 issue and the cd version is an inferior remake . but the others with which i 'm familiar - but do n't have original vinyl to compare , only memories - seem authentic . the audio quality is great and certainly superior to some of the cds you find these days which are only re-recordings of old vinyl or cassettes . 
music pos 589.txt hey there all , want to listen to some great songs by a country artist , chely wright , then go ahead and purchase this cd you will be amazed at the talent chely has . songs spanning from her ealier days to her current hits , a great collection for the diehard fan , and a great gift for those who have not been able to experience the very talented chely wright 
music pos 321.txt not speaking or understanding tibetian , did n't lessen the joy of being totally absorbed by this wonderful movie , and the music from this soundtrack is the reason why . it guides you like a sherpa , gently leading you along the high trails , powerfully pulling you to the heights of ever thinning air . you are at once engulfed in the tibetian life , you live the experience through the deep gutteral chants , singing bowls , and drums 
music pos 173.txt this is my favorite bob dylan album . the album begins and ends with two of the greatest songs ever , like a rolling stone and my favorite desolation row . sandwiched in between are some fantastic songs . the album is filled with incredible lyrics , wonderful music , and a mean harmonica . if you want to know why bob dylan is a legend buy this album 
music pos 62.txt i 'm a huge matchbox fan and i listen to a collection of all 3 albums all day long . i never get tired of it ! rob thomas has such a powerful voice that it just beckons to me . his lyrics are soul searching and speak directly to me . what a great band ! what a great album ! what a great musical ride ! 
music pos 88.txt ...wandering through the dorms in the 1970 's this was one of those albums that was in everyone 's collection . it was usually very near the front of the record stack . every time i hear that opening guitar riff from reelin ' in the years i glide back to a very nice place in time . if you hope to understand the evolution of us pop / rock music you need to become intimate with this recording ! 
music pos 636.txt this record is a must from the middle of the 50 's . excellent singer , very good musicians and an excellent recording . this record is still amazing and seems to sound very modern due to the quality of the recording and the mastering . i recommend this record to all rock and roll fan 
music pos 197.txt this cd is truly a classic and one of my all-time favorites . love it 
music pos 146.txt this guy is a freak of nature ! different but in the same vein as illinoise . i loved it..no fillers to speak of . if you liked some of the more laid back songs on illinoise ! , you 'll love this album . its great regardless . highlights are : avalanche adlai stevenson saul bellow the mistress witch from mcclure springfiel , or bobby got a shadfly caught in his hair no man 's land the perpetual self , or " what would saul alinsky do ? s 
music pos 773.txt this 1989 debut album from this texas sleaze metal outfit is chocked full of great vocals from jason mcmaster , catchy guitar riffs , and generally a collection of feel good tunes about getting drunk and having a good time.it fits quite nicely in my cd collection in the " d " column next to the dirty looks cd.i thought " scared " was the best song on here along with the opener , " teasin pleasin " and " queen of the nile " but i liked all of them.the best way to describe dangerous toys is that it has a heavy guns n roses sound with a poppier edge to it.it 's too bad they never made a good album after this one and dangerous toys would never get to this level again.if you want late 80 's hard rock / metal without the spandex and the makeup , this debut album is highly recommended.nothing fancy , just good old fashioned rock and roll 
music pos 368.txt i really think it 's simon 's best . this , and perhaps ( in a very different style ) " paul simon . " i 'm just listening to it again after several years...the melodies are intricate , the words are vivid and allusive , the range is astounding . graceland has a wonderful rock-style going on , but i really think this is my favorite . i know a lot of non-simon fans who love this one album . it 's just fantastic 
music pos 118.txt rem has had a helluva lot of hits , and has remained a radio staple and has been a big influence on later bands . this 18-track album does a good job for its length , but i really do feel a 2-cd hit package is warranted . the biggest omissions are " shiny happy people , " " it 's the end of the world as we know it , " and " this one goes out to the one i love . " it would n't surprise me if the band did n't really like these songs and would rather not include them in their greatest hits collection . however , there are a few other more minor hits i know from them that are missing , like " radio free europe . " i just ca n't think of other titles right now , but there are more than a few other omissions too . many of the minor hits that are included here , thankfully , are very good and will grow well on you : " the great beyond , " " bad day , " " all the way to reno , " " e-bow the letter , " and " imitation of life " are songs i have n't heard enough of and i 'm glad they are on this collection . still , i hear rem is coming out with another compilation and i imagine it will be more complete ; i suggest waiting for that album when it comes out 
music pos 364.txt as a fan of both celtic traditional and bluegrass music i was wary of a cd claiming to be a hybrid - too often it means an unsatisfactory compromise where original flavours become watered down and insipid . i need not have worried - tim o'brien has produced one of the most amazing and rewarding musical journeys i 've followed for some time . not only do the players from the two traditions blend instinctively and harmoniously but the tracks , mostly songs , are marvellous vehicles for new and exciting directions . there are superb performances all round , vocally from o'brien with guests paul brady , maura o'connell , kathhy mattea , del mccoury etc and musicians altan , frankie gavin , jerry douglas , earl scruggs , seamus egan and a host of others and the sound is fresh , acoustic and vital , requiring no production gimmicks or effects . standout songs for me personally are & quot ; mountaineer is always free&quot ; , & quot ; lost little children&quot ; , & quot ; wandering&quot ; and & quot ; john riley&quot ; although there is not a weak track on the cd . it is obvious that for tim o'brien this has been a labour of love . if you like acoustic music , from any tradition , either side of the atlantic , you 'll love it . several of my friends have bought it on my recommendation and agree it is brilliant 
music pos 461.txt i am listening to badfinger even as i type this review . this is the best of badfinger vol 2 , and i thought volume 1 was great ! ! as previous reviewers have said , what an absolute tragedy the story of badfinger is ( buy the book " without you " the tragic story of badfinger ) . well i have everything they have released , if you do buy any of the badfinger best ofs , you will more than likely get hooked and start collecting all of their albums.some of the best songs on this cd are off " wish you were here " their best album by a mile imho.in fact 6 of the 9 songs on wywh are on this compilation . they were such an original group with every member capable of writing an exhilirating hit song . just have a taste of " just a chance " , " you 're so fine " , " meanwhile back at the ranch / should i smoke " .they were just so good , damn i miss them 
music pos 240.txt the title gets it right - this is a very fun album . there are a lot of great songs on here . infectious lyrics and music - it still surprises me that matthew sweet is n't more popular than he is . one other thing...it 's a sin that " we 're the same " was n't a bigger hit than it was . truly a great song 
music pos 10.txt i did n't think it was possible for the delays to top their debut release - but they have . while " faded seaside glamour " is more immediately catchy and refined , " you see colours " comes at you in a much more intense manner . the songs are more mature , the musicianship is top-notch and the recording sparkles with fat bottom-end and soaring harmonies . the high points for me are valentine and winters memory of summer , but there 's honestly not a bad track on this release . the delays put it all together - great songwriting , strong musicianship and excellent production in a genre-bending mix that has something for everybody . it 's a shame these guys do n't get more recognition here in the states . buy it 
music pos 212.txt even if you do n't know much about donny hathaway , this collection of songs is a fun mix and it 's very moving . it includes some classics with roberta flack that are terrific . i enjoy it tremendously 
music pos 737.txt sometimes i like to look up and see what i can find on some of my favorite bands from the 70 's and starz being one of them . i was lucky enough to see the band play a few times around 77 and 78. another band that took time for their fans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i read through the many reviews of posted here on amazon and not sure if there is much that i can add , also great to see that there were so many out there that enjoyed the band and their music . i would recommend reading about each of the starz cd 's and listening to the sound files if available and deciding for yourself....... . i remember i liked this cd so much and the logo as well , i even hand - made a stencil and made my own starz shirt , i think i used some of that gold " glue on glitter " in a tube and had one of the first starz shirts , before the band even had any if i remember right . lots of good songs on this cd , pull the plug being one of my favorites both on the lp / cd and live . all good rock songs from a band that deserved a lot more........ . i could go on trying to describe the music......... . too bad there are no sound files for this cd...... . so you may just have to order it and take a chance . the remaining members have played a few shows during the past year or so and guitar player richie ranno continues to be active in the music business , you may even want to go over to starzcentral to get updated and see what richie and the band are up to . singer michael lee smith also had a brother that had his own band and later ventured into hollywood...... . but this is about starz ! ! ! ...so... . i highly recommend checking out the cd 's and starzcentral . not to be confused with the movie channel or another band from europe that is using the name recently 
music pos 27.txt this outstanding effort by prince consists of mostly spare jazzy r&b tunes , driven by incredibly loose , free-flowing live instrumentation . i could only begin to tell you about the stylistic variety on this album . with the three disc format there is a lot to absorb , and the third disc really can largely be done without , but the first two truly do rank amongst his best work . it should also be noted how especially romantic prince is on this album . this album was made around the time that he entered into his first marriage , and it shows because this c.d. is overflowing with outstanding romantic ballads . most of his albums only contain one or two ballads , so if you 've been longing for an album that includes more , then this album should really appeal to you . this c.d. does not fit into the " standard " prince " mold " ( i know that it is perhaps a bit oxymoronic to speak of a " prince mold " but his personal signature is not quite as bold on this album as it is on many of his other works , even those that are admittedly not as good ) . the reason for this is that prince follows rather than leads on a good portion of this album . the fact that there are two covers on the first disc alone shows that prince was in the mood to do what was being done instead of doing something new ( he covers songs by bonnie raitt and the stylistics ) which is unsual for this constant innovator , but this album is so great because he is so skillful that he does it better than almost anyone else . one minor problem that i notice is that it seems that on a few songs particularly on the first disc , prince just does n't pay much attention to the lyrics . there are too many generic r&b come-ons and cheesy cliche 90 's catch phrases such as " gettin ' your groove on ' , and prince is much too clever , witty , and creative to resort to such things . but , really that is just a minor quibble because the music truly is consistently outstanding throughout the first two discs . and then , he has songs such as " soul sanctuary " and " let 's have a baby " which are two of the most well-written ballads that i 've heard from him . " in this bed i scream " is just magnificent both lyrically and musically . he takes the lead again on this track and he does it in a major way . this clever , poetic , and romantic track has an infectiously catchy both rhythm and melody that would easily pack any dance floor . other highly impressive moments include the high powered funk of " we gets up " , the absolutely brilliant and stunning arrangement on " curious child " , and the sincere , pure passion of the just so perfect r&b / gospel blend of " savior " . " joint 2 joint " is impressive just for having so much variety in terms of sounds and elements , with each part so effectively enhancing a different part of the story . the first two discs are really solid overall . the third disc however finds prince trying his hand at techno and other forms of conventional dance / club music , and the results are not very impressive . but , i do n't see how they could be , even coming from prince . techno for the most part is insanely repetitive , monotonous , and downright drone-like . there are only three songs on disc three that were really worth it ( slave , my computer , and the title track ) . well , maybe four , his cover of " la la ( means i love you ) " is actually really good too . those songs could have been put on the first two discs and the 3rd disc really could have been omitted . the most impressive feat that he manages to accomplish on this entire album is making a great chorus and a great song out of the line " www ' dot ' emale ` dot ' com " on " emale " : - ) . i was unaware of this feat for a while because i used to always skip this song because it started off with that really annoying 90 's g-funk whistle . so overall , this album really does rank amongst prince 's best work , and it should especially appeal to those who would like to see him do more ballads and dive into more r&b 
music pos 499.txt i absolutely loved the string music on track 3. i remembered it from an old pc rpg called quest for glory iv . i was disappointed to find out that track 4 was only a minute and a half long , because i grew up loving that song from the various places i heard it ( fantasia and a kid detective pc game from the late 80 's ) . overall , though , grieg 's greatest hits is a must-have for collectors of classical music . grieg is revered as norway 's greatest composer of all time and he certainly has a knack for creating imagery of bustling fjords and majestic mountainsides with interlaced river ravines . 
music pos 200.txt every listen i get more into this cd . many catchy songs . i now need to buy more of donald 's solo stuff . great music 
music pos 331.txt it would be easy to say that this is the single greatest performance of the mahler eighth ever recorded ; i believe it is . but it would be difficult to say that and have it mean something , because after experiencing this colossal achievement , the competition ( including , alphabetically , abbado , bernstein , chailly , haitink , horenstein , kubelik , nagano , olson [colorado mahlerfest] , solti , and tennstedt , among others ) suddenly seemed far less impressive than they once had . what sets this mahler eighth so far apart from virtually every other is its sense of ecstasy ; of a transcendent vision being communicated , of a religious fervor . mahler had an extraordinary plan in putting together what he considered his most important work , such that he could bring us to the brink and say , " there . it 's out there . you ca n't see it , but you can divine it " ( and call " it " what you will : " god " or " love " or some all-embracing power outside of ourselves ) . most performances miss the mark , then , in one of two ways : by remaining resolutely earthbound or by trying to capture that vision in terms we can understand . the problem , of course , is that if we can understand it , it 's no longer a vision , it 's something mundane . in the closing pages of wit 's extraordinary ( and that word , as well as any other , hardly begins to do it justice ) performance you become aware of that vision existing just beyond your comprehension . you know it 's there only because you 're willing to take that leap of faith . and that 's what i mean when i say he brings the piece a sense of religious fervor . there is nothing dogmatic about the kind of religion i 'm referring to here . so let 's look at the basic components of the performance , element by element : the sound : spectacularly natural and all-encompassing . the soloists emerge from the overall sonic image like members of the orchestra , and the chorus , orchestra , and organ blend to perfection . the soloists : to a letter the finest group i have ever heard . there 's a distinctly slavic sound that seems altogether appropriate given mahler 's bohemian roots , and a refreshing lack of self-importance . no operatic grandstanding here . and for the first time ever i felt as though i was missing something by not following the words ( no libretto is provided , though it is available online and can be found easily enough elsewhere ) because everyone sounded like they cared dearly about what they were singing . they were n't going through the motions , making pretty sounds . they had something imperative to communicate and wanted us to know it . to be honest , part ii has often bored me to tears ( with chailly 's performance being particularly offensive in this regard ) but here i was literally on the edge of my seat throughout , impatient to hear what ( and who ) came next . and throughout it all , so importantly , there was a sense of spiritual ascent from beginning to end . the choruses : easily the best i 've ever heard . the way they rip into " hostem repellas longius " with their shrieks in the great double fugue of part i is unforgettable , and the fugue itself , which has never reminded me more of the " rabble " section from the first movement of mahler 's third , literally had my spine tingling throughout its entire course . that 's nothing . i got chills right at the beginning of the chorus mysticus and six and a half minutes later they had not abated ! i have never experienced anything like that before . ever . and i do n't just mean while listening to music . the conductor : what can i say ? he holds the symphony together with a tautness and logic that nobody ever credited this work with having before . how ? i have no idea , but when the start of part ii does n't jar , as it usually does , you know you 're in for something special . maybe it 's because the orchestral prelude there seems faster than usual , or because he finds so much inwardness in the first part ( the first entry of the soloists , for instance , is so raptly caressing ) . the orchestra : while they do n't have the " mahler sound " that the concertgebouw or vienna philharmonic may produce , there 's an earthiness ( but never sloppiness ) that sets them far apart from the bleached , sterile sound of too many american orchestras that make mahler sound not like mahler . to sum up , then , i could not speak for an hour after hearing this recording , and still burst into tears at the mere thought of it , especially those radiant , visionary , and extraordinary closing pages . record of the year ; record of the century ! it crowns not merely my mahler collection but an entire lifetime of listening to great music . 
music pos 320.txt this album was so good to hear when it came out . i like every song on here but my favorites are " still dre " , " the watcher " , " xxplosive " , " what 's the difference " and " forget about dre . those are my favorites but there a lot of other songs that people will like . recommend this album highly to rap fans . buy this album you have nothing to loose because its dre one of the best producers in the game right now so click on add to cart and be happy you hearing this classic 
music pos 81.txt before i review this classic rolling stones album , i just want to point out that juke box hero and whirligig are one in the same person . a troll who likes to trash great music and praise dire straits ( who are a good band but nit the greatest ) and green day . i say cut the shenanigans ! now that is off my chest , back to the review ! the rolling stones ' second album to be released on their own label fittingly called rolling stones records , which was distributed by atlantic at the time ( now virgin / capitol ) , entitled exile on main street was released in may of 1972. the album was the band 's only double studio album but is one of rock 's greatest double studio albums in history and ranks up there with other classic 2-record sets like the wall , quadrophenia , the lamb lies down on broadway and tommy among others . before guitarist keith richards ' heroin addiction took over for some time in the mid-1970s , he was what the late producer jimmy miller called a workhorse . the album was recorded at keith 's home in france and at olympic studios in london and muscle shoals in alabama and in los angeles . keith 's music and frontman mick jagger 's lyric writing was arguably at its peak on exile on main street . songs like the opening rocker rocks off , the 50s sounding rocker rip this joint , the album 's hit tumbling dice , the country-ish sweet virginia , keith 's classic rocker happy ( and it is his most famous track which he sang ) , the slow-ish soul survivor , the fast-paced blues rocker all down the line and the soul sounding shine a light are classics which sound like they could have been recorded yesterday . ventilator blues was another highlight as it was the only song that mick and keith wrote was co-written by guitarist mick taylor whom just tore the place up from 1969-74 ( his solos just rocked from 1969-74 ) . exile on main street was the rolling stones ' second consecutive #1 album and another million seller . the tour in support of the album saw the band getting bigger and bigger . almost 35 years on , this album is still a classic ! this album is hugely recommended 
music pos 601.txt .and so worth the price of admission . 6 cds worth to be exact . coleman 's musical voice is so free and full of life ! it really is beautiful 
music pos 956.txt jigga is incredibly hot on this album beanie is good to great . memphis bleek , is really good on this album , but is overshadowed . his " 534 " shows how good he is , this album does not . overall as an album it does a good job of showing off roc a fella , but not to much about the dynasty 
music pos 488.txt " burnin ' " was the last album by the wailers as a collective group , afterwhich peter tosh and bunny wailer left the group to pursue solo careers and marley reformed his group , calling it " bob marley & the wailers " in 1974. the album shows the original three at their best , balancing lead vocals on several songs between bob marley , bunny wailer , and peter tosh . the album not only serves to further reveal bob 's soon-to-be legendary work , but also to show the talent of bunny wailer with his lead vocals on songs like " hallelujah time " and " pass it on " . the album also shows tosh taking lead with marley on " one foundation " and alongside marley on " get up , stand up " . the album 's biggest gem , however , was " i shot the sheriff , " soon to be made a favorite in the u.s. and the u.k. by rock artist eric clapton on his 1974 " 451 ocean boulevard " album . the deluxe edition also features a concert from the tour in leeds , u.k. just one week before the wailers broke up . ( bunny , however , was already absent , having refused to tour outside of jamaica once and for all earlier that year . his temporary replacement , the wailers ' old vocal coach , joe higgs was also absent , quitting the tour after they completed their shows in the u.s. ) 1973 's " burnin ' " shows the original wailers at their very best before their breakup and is a timeless classic for music fans everywhere , i can guarentee it 
music pos 830.txt i heard the chairman dances and went right to amazon to order this . this ia a lovely little gem of a cd , and it is so pleasing to find john adams , another great modern american composer . i 'm also a fan of composers such as christopher rouse , for example , and joe leniado chira is my cousin . modern composers are a precious resource that we should explore , demand more of and nurture . we afficianados would like to see symphony orchestras and ensembles giving more attention to the modern genre . meanwhile , john adams has impressed me with this disc . the chairman dances is my favorite . i can just see chairman mao doing a vigorous foxtrot to this , and tricky dick feeling jealous . this might be the music that opened china to the west 
music pos 274.txt good singing and good production must i say anything else ? .....no get this if you love mixtures of good uptempo and slow rn 
music pos 440.txt the best of taste compiles material from their 4 official albums released from 1969-72. the albums consisted of two studio albums & quot ; taste&quot ; , & quot ; on the boards , and the two live albums & quot ; live taste&quot ; , and & quot ; live at the isle of wight&quot ; . this band was a power trio led by rory gallagher before he disbanded the group to embark on a successful solo career . the band led by gallagher on vocals , guitar ( electric , acoustic , & amp ; slide ) , harmonica , and alto sax specialized in hard hitting blues rock . the music has much in common with cream . however , the richard mccracken and john wilson could not compete with the stellar musicianship of jack bruce and ginger baker . the undervalued gallagher is an unsung guitar hero whose work compares favorably with that of eric clapton . like cream the band favored extended versions of tunes like & quot ; sugar mama&quot ; and & quot ; i feel good&quot ; included here . the music included here is varied . it ranges from the slow gut wrenching version of & quot ; catfish&quot ; to the more acoustic cover of & quot ; leavin ' blues&quot ; . the cuts from & quot ; on the boards&quot ; become more jazzy at times . tracks like & quot ; on the boards&quot ; and & quot ; it 's happenened before , it 'll happen again&quot ; highlight the band 's more improvisational approach . hard hitting tracks like & quot ; eat my words&quot ; spotlight gallagher 's outstanding slide technique . two cuts i miss from this period which are not included here are & quot ; dual carriageway pain&quot ; from & quot ; taste , and & quot ; morning sun&quot ; from & quot ; on the boards&quot ; . the live concert favorite & quot ; sinner boy&quot ; provides a bridge to gallagher 's solo career as the studio version was included on his first solo album & quot ; rory gallagher&quot ; . this anthology provides a great overview of the early work of irish blues-rock guitar hero rory gallagher and his battered stratocaster . it is even more essential as the four original albums are only available as imports 
music pos 705.txt i ca n't say enough how great this album is . grant green was one of the most soulful jazz guitarists who ever graced the planet . his soloing on this cd is filled with beautiful melodicism matched with a bluesy grit that is such a pleasure to listen to . and for me as a guitarist it has been an encyclopedia of how to play blues from a jazz perspective . my favorites are & quot ; miss ann 's tempo&quot ; and & quot ; blues for willarene&quot ; . it is such a shame that he died so young and never collected his just due 
music pos 266.txt i just want to say that this record blows my mind ! only the japanese could come up with this musical hybrid that defies definition . only miss minekawa could inject such beautiful innocence into this thrilling aural rollercoaster of breaks , samples , and guitars . cornelius and dj me dj you are brilliant 
music pos 30.txt i would say that this is the closest that cheap trick ever got to making a perfect album . there are only two songs on here that i 'm not one hundred percent crazy about...the slow and gloomy depressing title track and ' on the radio ' , which i think kisses up to radio d.j. 's too much . i love the rest of this . this album was my introduction to cheap trick and i would definitely recommend it to anybody as introduction to them . ' surrender ' is an out and out classic and possibly my favorite cheap trick song of all time . like most of the rest of the album , it 's heavy , it 's catchy , has great singing and interesting lyrics , and it says all it has to say in three to five minutes . ' auf weidersehen ' is another favorite tune of mine...it may be one of the heaviest tunes c.t. has ever done . i particularly love bun e . 's energetic drumming on it . zander really rips his vocal chords to shreads on this tune ! another great hard rocker is ' stiff competition' . of the more pop oriented songs , i would say ' taking me back ' is another personal favorite of mine . probably should have been a hit , dang it ! ' how are you ' shows off the band 's terrific sense of humor...i particularly like the reference to one of their earlier songs ! the other tunes from the first half that i did n't mention are also terrific , particularly ' on top of the world ' . my only complaint about this newly remastered version is that it does n't include the lyrics , which were included on the original lp version . that is but a minor complaint . i do n't think cheap trick ever made another album quite as great as this one . 
music pos 829.txt this album grabbed my attention from the first measure . thick and heavy , this is not like any blues album i 've ever heard . very atypical for hidalgo as well . this one is probably an acquired taste - one for the truly hard core blues fan . the sheer uniqueness grabbed me from the start , and the more i listen to it , the more i like it . i can only hope there 's a houndog 2 in the works. . 
music pos 74.txt i was waiting in anticipation for this cd to arrive and was not disapointed . etta is the bes 
music pos 950.txt you wo n't stop bobbin yo head until its over . i bought this when it first came out and we still bump this at every party we go to and everyone is happy to hear it , cougnut is easily as good as biggie ever was , he just never got the exposure that biggie did 
music pos 543.txt in august 1969 five session singers were invited to form a new session group . main singer was tony burrows of ivy league and flowerpot men fame . the first success came with the second single united we stand . this cd collects together the three us hits of the session group plus the only us hit of the group that was the face of the session group in concert during 1971-1973 and that would become the second outfit of the group , the eurovision winning song save your kisses for me . the rest of the songs are a mix of songs from this second outfit 1974-1980. this outfit is still on tour at the end of the centur 
music pos 260.txt kate is one of the most talented musicians on this earth . the dreaming was underrated when it was first released , but i think that has to do with the fact that it was way ahead of its time . this is a superb album , tracks like sat in your lap , suspended in gaffa , leave it open , night of the swallow , houdini , and get out of my house proving this point . there 's lots of anger on this album , as kate put it herself many years ago , and it is her " darkest " effort to date , but it 's pure brilliance ! buy it and be convinced.... . 
music pos 770.txt really , this is only worth 4 stars if you can appreciate all things cheesy . this is , of course , funny stuff . really , it 's the kind of music where you do n't want other people to know you 're listening to it , but oh my is it fun ! this one has all the ingredients of your typical yngwie-inspired power metal-album : soaring guitars , high-pitched vocals , double-bass drumming , a lot of neoclassical stuff ( essentially the sound of mozart , bach and beethoven , just way less complex ) both on the keyboards and the guitars . and of course , trumpets and brass . oh , how i loathe and love the sound of trumpets and brass on a keyboard . cheese , cheese , cheese all the way ! if you 've heard any rhapsody-material before , a song-by-song breakdown is pretty unnecessary as you 'll know exactly what to expect . they really did benefit from the better production on their next album ( not to mention their latest opus ! ) but legendary tales does n't sound bad by any means , and the songwriting is solid and pretty diverse . it 's just cheesy , real cheesy ! and truth be told , since it 's a metal album the guitars could use a little more ' oomph ' here and there . this is more happy metal than heavy metal , but then again , they 're singing about mystical lands and holy creatures , so behemoth-like heavy guitars would n't really fit . we do n't wanna scare our warrior of ice now , do we 
music pos 832.txt my husband and i play this cd all the time . we both love it 
music pos 557.txt nas ' street 's disciple definitely has plenty of memorable / outstanding cuts on it . nas sounds very confident and his lyrical skill is prevelant throughout both discs . the subject matter varies which is way cool in that , it delivers to all audiences of his fans . every nas fan will be doing themselves a huge favor by supportin him and pickin this up today . a 
music pos 465.txt this is , i believe , the best fleetwood mac album ever record by the band . it begins with a nice quick paced tune , " second hand news " and proceeds to move into many textured songs from there . the album itself does not have a bad tune on it . in fact , of all the ' regular ' albums from fleetwood mac ( excluding greatest hits compilations ) , this album has more hits on it than any other . hits like ' dreams , ' ' never going back , ' ' do n't stop , ' ' go your own way , ' ' the chain ' and ' you make loving fun . " all of these get enormous radio play . moreover , ' dreams ' was a number one hit , and the album itself held the number one slot for months on end , and has sold over 18 million copies in the u.s. and over 30 million worldwide , putting into the top 50 best selling albums of all time . in fact , an interesting tid bit from the liner notes of the cd describe how the album had such an impact on america 's youth that during that generation if you were to ask a student to spell ' rumor ' there would inevitably be two ' u's ' in the spelling . now that is a very strong impact on culture . every song on this album is arranged on the album as if it flowed right into the other making for an overall well rounded album . one of my all time favorite songs from fleetwood mac is on this album , " never going back " which contains some great acoustic guitar work from one of rock 's premier guitarists , lindsey buckingham , and , in my opinion , the best christine mcvie song ever written , " songbird . " now , with this release , you can also get , on a second cd , the various rough takes and outtakes of the songs on this album . this makes for great listening , to hear how the songs developed and were recorded . moreover , early demos are included along with two ' jam sessions . " now , more than ever , this is a must have cd for any lover of rock music ( or music in general for that matter ) . if you are a fleetwood mac fan , then chances are you own this album , but if you are just getting introduced to the band , then you must buy this cd . i highly recommend it 
music pos 35.txt i was a music director at a college radio station when this came out , and along with a ton of other albums this one commanded my attention . shoegazers ? ? ? i am sure all the label slinging yahoos are still wiping the egg off their faces . its as if the band heard they were pigeonholed and gave them all the big finger . just buy it...and all the rest 
music pos 494.txt if you do n't love this cd ( and many people wo n't ) , then you must have a very different taste in music then me . yes , it 's different . yes , it 's offensive . yes , it 's incredibly powerful . mutiny in heaven is insanity on a disc , six strings that drew the blood is awesome , as is everything on this disc . simply brilliant , and best disc to start a birthday party obsession with 
music pos 754.txt just wanted to answer reviewer : " homedecaramel " and his question as to who melissa refers to from the song titled ' " melissa 's garden " . melissa was the daughter of close friends of steve vai . she passed away 5 years ago at a fairly young age due to ovarian cancer . melissa 's parents built a beautiful garden as a remembrance of her . melissa had a wonderful spirit and her spirit lives on as is apparent in steve 's beautiful tribute and in melissa 's garden . 
music pos 976.txt joe cocker has one of the most distinctive gravelly voices in r & b history . he 's always stuck to his roots and never gone with temporary fads or novelties . this collection is another classic with great covers from the beatles , elton john and gary wright . his interpretive voice has always been the focal point of his songs , but in dts 5.1 , you are surrounded ( as if in concert ) by his presence . the completely adept and intuitive musicians that accompany him add more atmosphere without taking from his performance . imagine hearing him in live in a theater and you 'll know what to expect from this warm and heartfelt album 
music pos 904.txt i consider this the first album in the second half of the career of oasis . following the departure of bonehead and guigsy , this album is basically all the gallagher brothers . having learnt lessons from be here now , oasis have gone back to a more basic style of production as opposed to the over the top production from be here now . while the songs are not as good on here , they sound better and the whole album sounds as if it was n't as rushed . this signifies a big change of direction for the band , with little less ego 's and a more sober approach to their music , it is only the songwriting that lets this album down . my least favourite of all oasis albums , it features two really good songs , 6 mediocre and 2 dreadful ones . it is missing another two songs to make it complete , i think it should have included the b'sides ' lets all make believe ' and ' carry us all' . it still includes a few beatle-esque songs ' who feels love ' and ' roll it over ' and noel once again takes over lead vocal duties , this time on two tracks , ' where did it all go wrong ' and ' sunday morning call' . this is a very important album , it grounded the band again after their ego 's had taken off . this helped relaunch the career and because of it they sound at their best today 
music pos 888.txt its just realy sad that hip-hop dont sound like hard to earn anymore.. . gang starr still gets daily airplay on my stereo and im glad i support these guys 
music pos 846.txt this cd is a must for anyone who enjoys great guitar music . its packed full of amazing pieces and inspiring playing . my favorite track is is n't it romantic because it successfully makes a classic out of this song . buy it now ! ! 
music pos 859.txt if you really into french baroque that is..... . 
music pos 140.txt actually have n't heard this cd , yet , i can still comment on part of it . i was the lucky guy who did the live recording at the x-ray cafe . sold the masters to the band a couple years ago and just now got around to thinking , " i wonder if they ever did anything with those masters ? " so , i was there at the show and can say that every ounce of energy that the band put out ( which was considerable since this was the last show on their tour , but they knew the x-ray was special and gave it their all ) - it was all captured on these recordings . the machine was a tascam 688 that used standard cassette tapes for 8-channel recordings . most all the mics were either shure sm57 / 58 , but there was also a high quality shure stereo mic overhead that was mainly used for capturing the drum kit but also provided a nice stereo image of the stage . the x-ray was perfect for this type of recording . the tiny pa was only used for the vocals , so , there was no competing with a pa blasting everything . i would place a sm-57 close to every amp . had a nice specialtiy bass mic , too . usually , 8 channels was enough to catch everything , but , there were extra inputs where it was possible to stack multiple mics onto a single track if needed . because of the overhead stereo catching the drums , this was rarely needed . with a full house , such as the night with the gits , any reflecting waves were just soaked up by the body mass of the crowd , creating what turned out to be a very nice intimate recording space . there was split box on stage which fed all the mics to the x-ray " business office " next door , which is where the tascam was setup away from any real danger . all of which made it a fun gig to record in comfort and be able to also go over to the stage side and enjoy the show . every once in a while , magic happened . d . fletcher portland , or 
music pos 884.txt this is a must have for anyone with an r&b " oldies " collection . you wo n't be disappointed 
music pos 706.txt this is one of my personal favorites . i bought this cd when my daughter was 1 month old . we would listen to it during those " late night " feedings to create a peaceful environment . i 'm pretty sure it was a benefit for her . it was definitely a benefit for me 
music pos 250.txt ...else if michigan was on vinyl i would have worn it out by now . illinois was my first venture into the sound-world of sufjan stevens , and no doubt it his most impressive outing to date . however the subtle spendour of the earlier michigan has ousted it as my favourite . perhaps less eclectic and entertaining than illinois , but more soulful and beautiful . ultimately it 's the one i 'd take to the proverbial desert island . there 's not a single track in this 74 minute cd that i 'd want to skip or drop from my mp3 playlist , but highlights for me are romulus ( gentle and heartbreaking ) , sleeping bear ( musically gorgeous ) , and vito 's ordination song ( like being gently hugged ) . p.s. so often the ' bonus tracks ' on a cd can seem superfluous and substandard but the 2 extras on my cd ( marching band and pickerel lake ) are both excellent . 
music pos 781.txt no collection of blues / rock is complete without & quot ; a piece of your soul&quot ; . there very simply is not a weak track on the entire disc . from the raunchy ( & quot ; bitter rain&quot ; ) to the uplifting ( & quot ; good day for the blues&quot ; ) to the bittersweet ( & quot ; cynical&quot ; ) to the soft ( & quot ; share that smile&quot ; ) storyville encompasses the entire range of musical expression with a style that is as provocative as it is unique . put this disc on your list of music to have on a deserted island 
music pos 43.txt this is one of my favorite releases from common . this chi town warrior crafted an underground release that will bring a vibrant smile to the hardcore hip hop head and even awaken the minds of some of the fake commercial rap artist lovers . songs like i used to love h.e.r and ressurection start the classic album and take you on the road to classic chicago hip hop . not only the lyrics are dope but also the beats and the hooks . this is a pivotal album that needs to be in everyone 's collectio 
music pos 463.txt i never have understood how some people have an inate quality for music and some don't . well , willie was one of those that definately did . it is hard to imageine the blues without the likes of willie dixon : the writer , the musician , the producer , the businessman . i listen to his work over and over again , each time learning new nuances i did not hear before . how incredible is that 
music pos 93.txt collin has done it again . i did n't think i 'd enjoy a cd as much as his & quot ; the walls came down , & quot ; but & quot ; tracks&quot ; is just great . every song is better than the last . you ca n't go wrong with collin raye and you ca n't find anyone with a better voice . buy this one 
music pos 537.txt this is a cd that everyone should have ! there are four great voices and they do country music the way it should be ! lorrie morgan is the best and i like everything on this ! ! buy it and enjoy ! chery 
music pos 856.txt i was looking for some nice background nature sounds to have playing while i work throughout the day . this collection hits the spot . great sounds , great variety , great price 
music pos 121.txt i heard the first beat lp ( & quot ; i just ca n't stop it&quot ; ) in a small town record shop in 1980 and instantly fell in love with this band 's brand of ska / soul / rock . for some strange reason , i never bought & quot ; wha'ppen&quot ; and never got familiar with it . i confess to reading some less than enthusiastic reviews and shying away . of course , i did buy & quot ; special beat service&quot ; and found it to be par excellent . so i ordered & quot ; wha'ppen&quot ; a couple of months ago and it arrived a few weeks back and i 've been wearing it out . damn ! how did i miss this ? this is a great collection of snaky sweet , politically smart songs . & quot ; doors of your heart&quot ; ... i 've loved that song for years.. . and & quot ; too nice to talk to&quot ; has always been a favorite . but every other single song on this cd , including the bonus tracks , is outstanding . these songs are textural wonders . great stinging guitar work and the incredible saxa on his horn make this a stunning recording . i regret not discovering it sooner , but it sure is a nice find after-the-fact . oh yeah.. . one more thing.. . i had the pleasure of meeting dave wakeling in nashville this past summer and he 's a very nice fellow who cares about the people that support him . if he comes to a venue near you , do n't miss the show . you 'll get your money 's worth and more . wear your dancin ' shoes . he is truly one of the great talents of the 80 's and continues to make significant music . he may be the most underrated recording artist of the past two decades . buy this cd . you wo n't regret it . it sounds best in the early evening . i 'm the big oh and i gotta go 
music pos 784.txt since sunset boulevard is one of my favorite films , i bought the london cast album long before the musical came to america . patti lapone is the ultimate broadway star , having created the role of evita . her soaring versions of " as if we never said goodbye " , and " with one look " are unmatched . her power and vocal range soar ! all of norma 's songs had to be drastically reduced in vocal range to accomodate glen close 's lack of , ( or nonexistent ) singing ability . in fact , this dvd was unavailabe to the american market during the american run of the musical and was literally pulled from the shelves . perhaps alw did n't want the american audience to hear the masterwork of this production . kevin anderson , a brilliant actor , does not have the operatic quality of alan cambell in the u.s. cast , but he portrayed joe gillis with far more guts and passion . this is not for the lover 's of oklahoma of showboat , but for lovers of more contemporary musicals , this one is perfect 
music pos 386.txt this remasted disc is nice with the bonus tracks and spiffed up sound , but the only way top hear aoxomoxoa is to find a original w7 ( warner brothers-seven arts ) green label vinyl pressing . the cd features the 1971 remix ( like the 1989 cd ) in which 1 / 3 of the backing has been stripped like constanten 's prepared backrounds on " what 's become of the baby " , the extra drums and barbershop vocal on " doin that rag " . st stephen lost something in the remix as well . anthem was remixed as well in 1972 but the band was wise to issue the 1968 mix on cd . no hidden goodies on this disc , but the bonus tracks are great 
music pos 562.txt i had first bought the " here and now " hoping to hear the original recordings , but was slightly disappointed that on that cd the older songs were live performances only . if you want their hits as you remember hearing them on the radio or your old album that may be trashed , this is the cd for you 
music pos 741.txt the fisrt cd is alot better than this one , but this one is still okay . i only liked one song on this disc and it is . track 4. will the circle be unbroken / i 'll fly away / jesus loves me . do n't get me wrong the music is beautiful , but i think the first one is alot better 
music pos 942.txt i am not sure about my baby , but i love this cd ! actually baby loves it too but probably not to that great extent . : - 
music pos 529.txt being quite the fan of grace slick , jefferson airplane , and other 60s groups , i bought this album only having heard two songs on it- - " daydream nightmare " and " outlaw blues " . at first i was a little puzzled- -the great society sounded different than any band i 'd ever heard before . after listening to it about two more times , i realized this uniqueness was a good thing ! they sound a little rougher than your average 60s band , and they were- -grace , her first husband , and her brother-in-law assembled this band out of a few of their friends and it only was around for about a year . the great society definitely is n't a band for everyone , but if you love interesting-sounding music , want to hear some of the earlier forms of psychedelic rock , or are just curious about how grace slick sounded before the *smoother* recordings of jefferson airplane , this is the band for you ! a quick review of all the songs : sally go ' round the roses : a great way to open this cd . pay special attention to the instrumental break in the middle- -it 's amazing ! ( any time this group does an instrumental solo , it will be very good . ) did n't think so : in my opinion , one of the weaker songs on this album , but a fine song just the same . grimly forming : an overall fantastic song to listen to with intriguing lyrics and another great instrumental section . ( i love the tambourine- -it adds an interesting air to the song . ) somebody to love : yes , here it is- -the original version of the jefferson airplane hit , written by darby slick , grace 's brother-in-law . this has a much less *psychedelic* sound than the ja version , but they 're both equally as good . father bruce : this is a very catchy song written about lenny bruce as if he were a preacher . fun to sing along with . outlaw blues : this is a cover of a bob dylan song , i think . grace 's voice on this is incredible . often as i may : another fun song that 's almost as catchy as father bruce . arbitration : this song is mostly some great instrumentals but features some singing from david minor ( he did rhythm guitar , i believe . ) white rabbit : yup , another original version of a ja song ! this song 's about 6:20 because there are 4 minutes of great guitar / sax playing at the beginning . almost better than the ja version ! that 's how it is : a cheery song with fun words . you 'll definitely be singing this one aftewards . darkly smiling : this is another " weak link " on the cd . ( there are n't many , thankfully ! ) it does have some interesting lyrics , though . nature boy : grace 's singing / recorder playing make this song memorable . you ca n't cry : this is a fun rock song , with the usual great guitar playing from darby slick . daydream nightmare : this is one of the more *psychedelic* and dark songs on the album , with great bass and guitar playing and more of grace 's recorder . this is definitely not a song to skip over . everybody knows : also a fun rock song , and yes , another catchy one . born to be burned : this song is a little less exceptional , but it does have a good bass line , and some good guitar . father : a fantastic way to end the album ! this song is a nearly-seven minute long instrumental that builds up to an amazingly frantic crescendo . not a song that will keep you bored 
music pos 393.txt i have seen joe many years ago when he had played in a group called bloodline and he is even better now 
music pos 894.txt i borrowed this cd from a public library , having liked the track " crazy life " on the empire records soundtrack , and i was immediately blown away by how consistently good coil is the whole way through . it is their most mature album , full of gentle emotion and idealism , and puts the listener in a good mood . glen phillip 's voice is unique , confident , and beautiful . i fell in love immediately with " rings " and " dam would break " . the haunting and beautiful harmonies captivate . " little buddha " is so different but so good as well . after i got coil , i bought two of toad 's older albums : fear and dulcinea . both are really good , but something keeps drawing me back to coil . it is achingly beautiful , vibrant , thoughtful , and pleasurable . it is hearing toad at their best . 
music pos 642.txt more like 3.5. so . half of this album is excellent . the rest is filler . but , due to " times like these " , " all my life " , disenchanted lullaby ( the intro irritates me but it gets better ) , " have it all " ( kinda sappy but i love the intro ) , " low " ( have you seen the video ? ) and " overdrive " ( again , kinda sappy but there 's something about it i love ) , the album is pretty enjoyable . it does n't compare to the first three , but it has its moments . the riffs are slightly heavier , most songs are pretty upbeat . " times like these " is an instant classic with awesome lyrics , while " all my life " rocks harder than pretty much all previous songs . kinda sucks how the best songs are / were singles , but if they had released other songs , no-one would buy the album . mind you , my friend loves " burn away " , so listen to the previews and make your own mind up 
music pos 734.txt those who liked suede may be looking for more of the same from the tears , but despite the obviously recognisable vocals from brett , and the familiar wailing of bernard 's guitar , this marks a watershed in their repertoire . the most obvious difference is that all the songs seem to have been crafted as ' hits ' ( much more radio-friendly , and why not ? ) . it 's also a more mellow sound than suede ( there were fewer opportunities for vigorous bouncing and hand-clapping at the tears concert i attended ) . another important difference is the guitar work , with bernard soaring off into sonic highs not experienced since reeves gabrels and tin machine . among the better songs are apollo 13 , brave new century , refugees and co-star . though brett and bernard are capable of better , this is a shot in the arm for us disenfranchised suede-heads , and i recommend you turn it up loud 
music pos 651.txt this is a wonderful view into what is the best and worst about a tedeschi concert . she can be as soulful as the best of the blues singers but it also exposes her weakness : she just ca n't rock enough to provide the balance her act needs . she 's terrific on the ballads but is n't a good enough guitar player to hold up the guitar playing for a band so they have to make do with her fabulous vocals . she 's got solid keyboards and vocals in support , so it 's not apparent until half way through the gig . but keyboards ca n't provide enough of an edge to the very few fast , upbeat songs and the whole concert lags . zzzzz by 2 / 3rds of the way through . look at the audience at the end of the concert when she plays a lethargic version of " i fell in love . " very few people ( besides the b3 player who has kept the only energy up through the show ) are energized . put this dvd on when you 're in bed with a glass a red wine with your loved one and the fireplace is going and it 'll be terrific , at least until you fall asleep 
music pos 438.txt very essential music.the arrangements&amp ; styles work very well.he has great depth&amp ; feel here.it 's classic ellington.he was always constantly changing music 
music pos 160.txt being a professional dancer as well as a teacher and having seen hundreds of musicals , i must say i rate this as & quot ; one of the best&quot ; . the dancers are fantastic ! the music utterly great , the choice of dances ( from classical to rock ) is highly deversified . ca n't wait till i get it so i can play it again and again . as well as & quot ; rock the house , shake my bootie , etc&quot 
music pos 552.txt undoubtedly , marnie belongs to the top list of bernard herrmann 's best film scores , a wonderful musical image of alfred hitchcock 's underrated movie . written for small ensemble ( strings , woods , harp and horns ) herrmann gives the music a wonderfully flowing mood , tasteful and delighted along with the dark characteristics in every second bar that herrmann so masterful handles in all his works for hitch . joel mcneely 's reading is simply stunning as ever , so is the performance , but i just do n't like the overall acoustics on these varse rerecordings with the large hall reverb giving the orchestra no room for details . they simply are overheard in this muffled sound . this is far from ideal for recording a film score and i bet herrmann would not have liked this ! but , it 's a great , great score 
music pos 725.txt i bought this cd before going to see mmw ( with john scofield ) for the first time at first avenue in minneapolis dec 7 , 2006. i had never heard of them before and liked the clip on the venue 's website . so i bought a ticket and wanted to get " out louder " , which i knew they were going to play , to familiarize myself , but the store i was at was out of it . so i bought " end of the world " instead . while some of it was a little too spacey for my liking at first , i still liked the overall funkiness of it all . then....i saw them play . you must see them play ! ! i did n't ever want it to end ! i immediately wanted to see them again ! it 's less than a week later and i have 2 more cd 's ( " out louder " and scofield 's " a-go-go " which they " back " him on ) and 4 more on the way from amazon as i 'm writing this . i 'm like an addict now ! i have to have them on in the car and in the house . i get back in the car after having been in a store or whatever and they 're on and all is right with my world again . i must say i like " out louder " and even " a-go-go " better than " end of the world " , but only slightly . it is trippy with the synth and the other guest players , and i do like it better after a few listens . i just prefer mmw with less guest musicians 
music pos 183.txt goth meets cabaret , or rather gothic music influenced by cabaret . thats the best way to describe this wonderful little release by projekt . the eleven tracks here provide an introduction to the " dark cabaret " scene , and do so quite well . the first song , coin-operated boy by the dresden dolls , is a great start , and the cd continues onward to devious evil night together by jill tracy ( which sets up a wonderful film noir mood ) and on to the darker , electronic dance number cabaret fortune teller by audra , to a remix of knock three times on my coffin by projekt veterans black tape for a blue girl . along the way numerous other bands are covered . sam rosenthal 's side project revue noir makes their debut on this cd , with husky feminine vocals provided by nicki jaine , who also has a solo song ( pretty faces ) on the cd as well . personally , i loved revue noir and find nicki jaine 's voice to be quite alluring , but i also know some btfabg fans who dislike her vocals so you 've been warned . but all in all , i think anyone with a task for the dark should check out this cd . at the very least , its a cheap and decent introduction to a whole new style , and thats always a good thing 
music pos 359.txt i rarely write reviews , but i need to comment on how fantastic this compilation is . i have a four-year-old and an eighteen-month-old , and this cd is in heavy rotation at our house . my husband and i love the music at least as much as they do - - it 's stylish and sets a great mood as we 're making dinner and doing dishes . the kids love it too , needless to say . my four-year-old 's favorites are three blind mice ( she loves when the farmer 's wife squeaks that she 'll give back the tails ) and the final track by peggy lee ( where she says the word *poop* , as in " party poop " - - endless laughter ensues ) . ella fitzgerald 's a-tisket , a-tasket and chew , chew your bubblegum are priceless . all in all , i highly recommend this cd - - everyone will be happy to hear it again and again 
music pos 810.txt i just love lynch mixed with dooms production . it is what real is 
music pos 26.txt thoroughly enjoyed the cd . have some of the songs as performed by other artists , but it 's nice to hear them as performed by the writer . i 'm always impressed by one with that kind of creativity . 
music pos 983.txt her voice takes my breath away , i fell in love with her . i highly reccomend it 
music pos 553.txt i am new to ron sexsmith . where have i been ? this cd is outstanding and so soothing... . the instrumentals are soul syrup , the melodies are whipped cream and the lyrics are full of cherries , nuts and fudge sauce.....it is putting something so sweet and so nurturing into the hearts and minds of the hungry and starving . i am still in the stage where his songs resonate in my mind just before i fall asleep at night and that waking up means i get to hear his " comfort food " again... . this honeymoon will last forever... . fall in love folks , it 's worth the risk....calorie free , i promise...thanks ron , god speed ! 
music pos 823.txt bireli is not only one of the best living guitar players in gypsy jazz - he is also one of the most creative . on this album , he gives us a new take on django 's music that is simply stunning . " move " has a smaller , more focused sound that it 's predecessors , and the addition of the saxophone brings a really fresh twist to this great old music . bireli is one of the hottest jazzmen around - this disc is all the evidence you 'll need to draw the same conclusion . bravo ! 
music pos 809.txt ' live etc ' is an absolute must-have compilation for all true gong fans.it features a total of fifteen live tracks of tunes that originally appeared on the band 's key albums ' camembert electrique ' , ' flying teapot ' , ' angel 's egg ' and ' you' .taken from unreleased live soundboard tapes ( i assume ) from shows between 1973-75.absolute best cut here is " where have all the flowers gone ? " along with " 6 / 8 tune " , that are the disc 's only unreleased material.other cosmic gems include " dynamite / i am your animal " , " isle of everywhere " , " oily way " and " master builder " .duration is 78:33.heard they wanted to add the 16th cut that was originally on the 2-lp record , but the cd simply would n't hold it.talk about wanting to give your fans their money 's worth.long live the mother gong ship ! recommended 
music pos 668.txt i felt compelled to write a review having read another written by someone who gave it one out of five stars . i felt it a grossly misleading and inaccurate review , so here i am.. . as a musician i could think of nothing more intimidating than attempting to cover a buckley song . their fan bases are fiercely loyal and protective of their material . so first things first i would like to congratulate the artists for their bravery . furthermore a quick glance down the list of performers will quell any suspicions that this is ' just another tribute record cashing in on someone else 's success ' , these are musicians that know what they 're doing . what struck me the most was the variety of voices on this disc ; you have the ethereal whisper of sufjan stevens , sweet folk harmonies of the magic numbers , the lazy drawl micah p . hinson . not only that , but these are great interpretations from the jeff & tim cannon . very inspired and innovative - a beautiful accordion riff on ' grace ' , an irish-jig inflected ' no man can find the war' ...these artists do not desire to replace jeff or tim , they 're merely reuniting us with what they left us - their music . 
music pos 318.txt i just loved this album the songs really related to my life . it was nice to see that there was personal experience involved while writing the songs 
music pos 837.txt for those who have watched the movie jaws ( ask yourself , who has n't ) will know that one of many key elements that made the movie a huge success was the fantastic score john williams did for it . this cd captures all the music from the movie perfectly , with some new elements thrown in that are not found in the film . the linear notes are bright and colourful and provide some interesting information , which gives the overall package a nice touch . the overall cd package is certainly not a rushed effort and is worth every cent . a highly recommended purchase for those who love their soundtracks or anyone who wants to relive the film through the music 
music pos 228.txt i was looking for some music i could play in the car or around the house with my 19-month-old son and came across this one- -the exact same " album " that i had when i was his age ! i 'm so glad they redid it ! one of my fondest memories 
music pos 744.txt this is the best album / band noones ever heard of . this is the most underrated bands ever ( including fm static . ) and they deserve some appreciation . this cd is a great rock cd and it has a bit of seemingly hip-hop bits here and there in just about every song . almost every song on this cd rocks , so buy it 
music pos 566.txt this mos def album is a good album to listen to . he shows off his lyrical skills and gives social commentary that is on point . why listen to a bunch of guys who have " lil " in front of their names when you can listen to a man give his views on life , love , and this country we live i 
music pos 575.txt just loved this cd ! ! ! ! you 'll be singing or humming this to yourself for hours after you hear it . if you are 35 years old or older you 'll love it . the memories will come flooding back to you . enjoy it ! ! 
music pos 604.txt sounding thing occurred when ex-springfield messina melded with loggins , and it was large ! c.s.n. &amp ; y . strove to be this good every time they released a tune . this compilation not only displays the music-crafting abilities of these two in conjunction , but also showcases their power to deliver dynamic live performances . dedicated to todd j 
music pos 840.txt this cd provides a fantastic overview of rypdal , who has been recording for ecm for 30+ years now . the tracks range from pieces with an & quot ; electric miles&quot ; sound to an orchestrated track . while very diverse , the tracks work well together and are unified by his unique , atmospheric tone and excellent compositions . the infamous ecm sound quality is even better due to 24 bit mastering . informative liner notes as well . highly recommended 
music pos 453.txt a true musical theater classic . wonderful melodies that will last for years to come . other classics not to forget about are : mary poppins my fair lady the wizard of oz chitty chitty bang band the first charlie and the chocolate factory the sound of music oliver west side story fiddler on the roof singing in the rain the wiz little mermaid aladdin beauty and the beast grease the king and i oklahoma the music man south pacific my voice students are always asking me for recommendations so i though i 'd post it for all ! we ca n't forget about these great musicals 
music pos 124.txt i love this show so much ! ! it just has so much passion and beauty and all the cast members sing so well ! ! sutton foster as jo , was cast very well , its obvious she deserved that tony nomination in 2005 , and the sisters , even though they were n't the leads , they all had such great songs , especially beth , whose song , " some things are meant to be " always brings tears to my eyes , its just so touching . i would definitely recomend this cd to anyone who loves musical theatr 
music pos 996.txt maiden had evolved into a new metal standard in 1986. not only did they lead the metal world with the greatest artwork on covers , but their music took a new form and justifed everything they had done in the past . iron maiden to powerslave were just the stepping stones to this standard classic . the cd starts out with caught somewhere in time , a galloping bassline , and parallel guitar make it , not only a classic , but ahead of its time . the rest of the cd id in pure form . my favorite track , however , is alexander the great . the intro starts out with a whisper of that era , and slowly builds to the howl of , i feel , the battle cry of the great warrior of history . iron maiden did not dissapoint with this cd . it is very well mixed and produced , and remains a standard in my collection of cd's . 
music pos 170.txt a friend of mine gave me this cd about a year ago , i listened to a few minutes of it and was like " what is this crap ? " and i shelved it for a couple months . i then picked it back up and gave it another listen . to my surprise it was really catchy to me . the music ( and lyrics ) are simple , but thats what i like about them . theyre simple ! this is a great college-rock cd . i plan on checking out more teenage fanclub , and i suggest you do the same . notable tracks are sidewinder , what you do to me , and is this music ? 
music pos 131.txt this is my favorite jazz album of all time . put simply , this was miles davis at his best . the notes on this album simply float , and yet it flows together better than anything i 've ever heard . the composition is disorganized but in a way that it all makes complete sense . do n't let the thirty second clips fool you . i almost missed out on this because the clips are misleading . i took a chance on it , and it was the best gamble i 've ever made . a must have for any jazz enthusiast 
music pos 23.txt wonderful instrumentals and lyrics . a shenandoah lullaby is simply beautiful . i love the way the ending segues into brahm 's lullaby . his version of arkansas traveller is refreshing . teddy bears ' picnic is a quaint song that few people have heard . there ai n't no bugs on me is my two-year-old daughter 's favorite , judging from the way she belts out this song and giggles from time to time . i like all the songs on the cd . a breath of fresh air for parents who prefer real instruments to synthesized pop . 
music pos 454.txt the debut release entitled " breathe " by artist called blue stone is one of the best new age albums that i 've heard in years ! i would even go as to say that it is even better than any of amethystiums albums . " i am " is heavenly and " contact " is an eerie number that is destined to be a future classic ! 
music pos 931.txt ...and if you 're fortunate enough to find it , i recommend buying the version with the bonus dvd , which chronicles the making of yellow brick road . when i bought it , it cost the same as the 2 sacd set without the dvd , so it was still a great deal . my only complaint- -and it 's really minor- -is that it would have been nice if they could have fit the original album onto a single sacd . a second disc could have included the bonus tracks that are included in this package , plus any extra- -maybe even audio-only interviews- -still remaining in the vaults . no matter . the important thing , if you are able , is to make sure you have an sacd-compatible player ( like the pioneer dv-563a , or one of the really expensive players if you 've got the cash and love audiophile formats in both your hardware and your cds ) . even if you do n't , the stereo cd layer still sounds truly excellent 
music pos 799.txt i bought this cd yesterday and i immediatly knew it was going to rock ! after hearing the title track , go ! , i knew this cd was going to be different then the spice girls cds. it is better . my favorite songs are never be the same again , ga ga , and goin down . 
music pos 294.txt one of his best times . all the songs on this cd are great he express his fellings very openly . with this cd people can really see who marc anthony really is 
music pos 726.txt i cannot stop listening to the song i saved the world today . the cd is worth the price for this song alone . the whole cd is great though ... classic eurythmics that sounds as great today as their earlier work . annie lennox gets all the attention ... and she deserves every bit , but dave stewart certainly deserves as much . they make a great team and this cd should have been given much more attention in the usa . i hope they do n't take so long to do another one 
music pos 55.txt call it american folk , call it alt.country , call it what you like , but if you heard this aussie trio on cbs or npr earlier this week , suffice to say their in a category all their own . love that harmonica . up all night by the waifs is appropriately titled . i 'll be up all night listening to it 
music pos 849.txt if you want some classical music to sleep to , do n't buy this cd . if you want some high energy symphonies , however , i highly recommend it . from bach to vivaldi , the pure energy of this cd will give you a new understanding of the joys of classical music . just do n't listen to track 25 , because i have no idea why john philip sousa is included with tchaichovsky 
music pos 295.txt the earlier reviews pretty much said it all ; this is pretty much one of the best and most overlooked bands from the 90s . swervedriver is lumped into the shoegazer category often , however , if that label scares you off then dismiss its application to this band , because they are n't so much shoegazer - in that cough-syrup-dreamy-noise way - as they are sonic rock . yes , rock . who knew it could still be done , and believe me , they do it well , and uniquely . if you 've listened to swervedriver before , then tehre is n't too much more to say - buy this album . it 's not as hi-fi as 99th dream or mezcal head ( in my opinion their best album and one of the best of 90s decade ) , but not as fast or dirty as raise . now , if you have never listened to swervedriver , this might not be the best album to start with - it all depends on your tastes . personally , i would suggest starting with 99th dream or mezcal head ; either way , this has all the qualities of every swervedriver album - great lyrics , superb and unique songs , and that urge for more when it 's over . sadly , this band was vastly ill-treated by labels and they are no longer together ( however , some vestiges exist in the form of toshack highway ) . but if you want to see what you missed in the 90s - even more so , if you want to see what the best of the best from that decade truly was - swervedriver is a must 
music pos 117.txt what a beautiful album ! one of the rare albums that has no fillers or weaker cuts . i 'd call it a classic but that makes it sound dusty . these songs could come out in 20 years and still sound fresh . 
music pos 871.txt i have been into vaisnava spirituality a long time , and they really got it , perfect and professional 
music pos 332.txt if you would have told me last year that i would own an album of piano solos i probably would have laughed in your face . while i enjoy several kinds of music , most of my favorites are in the classic rock and alternative genres . the reason i bought this is my wife and i are having a baby in december and our birthing class instructor played and reccomended brickman as a popular choice for relaxation music and her personal favorite . i bought & quot ; no words&quot ; and & quot ; simple things&quot ; mainly for their absence of singing and something to play while she is in labor . i have been listening to them nearly every night since we received them while browsing the internet or doing chores around the house . it really is amazing music that is very calming and relaxing . he definitely pours everything he has into his piano and the accompanying instruments and background is fabulous . everything everyone else has stated in their reviews is right on as well . i would definitely reccomend not only this cd but jim brickman in general if you are looking for a nice relaxing getaway 
music pos 180.txt the edward scissorhands score will always be one of my absolute favorite movie scores . i truly believe this is danny elfman 's best score and believe me , he 's done some great scores ! the music is so moving . the childrens chorus mixed with the soft bells and strings were absolutely perfect for this sweet , beautiful film . even people who have n't seen this film have probably heard the music from it since it is used in so many film previews and commercials . a must-have for any danny elfman and / or tim burton fan 
music pos 740.txt many musicians release some sort of experimental album at some point in their career . for peter gabriel , every album is an experiment . usually musicians experiment by deviating from the norm ; however , on gabriel 's fifth experiment , so , the ex-genesis frontman does the exact opposite . gabriel , beloved for always doing something different , decided on this album to play it safe - and for gabriel , that is an experiment . previously he was a sort of cult performer , but on so , gabriel finally made it into the spotlight . big time . so was an immense success , peaking at number one on the billboard top 100 , receiving overwhelmingly-positive reviews ( in 2003 , so placed 187th on rolling stone 's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time ) , and resulting in a sold-out tour . which brings us to one nagging term : " sellout " . though most who loved peter gabriel 's first four albums loved so as well , there are still many who call so gabriel 's sellout album . to me , that 's just foolishness . peter gabriel has never " sold out " and i have no doubt that he never will . it 's clear that on so he was trying to go in a more mainstream direction , but that 's probably the biggest experiment gabriel has ever undertaken , save for his subsequent release , passion . one popular theory amongst gabriel fans is that the album 's title , so , is in fact an acronym for " sell out " ( hence the uppercase capital " s " and the lowercase italicized " o " ) . i would n't be surprised at all if it was . so does sound very different from gabriel 's earlier albums ( though then again , none of those sounded alike either ) . if anything , it resembles gabriel 's third self-titled release , nicknamed melt . the thing that really separates those two - other than an obviously more commercial sound on so - is a feeling of warmth on that album , unlike the harsh , gritty darkness of melt . perhaps that 's why listeners found so so charming . what does so have to offer ? well , a lot . for one thing , there 's the atmospheric opening , " red rain " , one of gabriel 's finest tracks . like many of the tracks on the album , it 's dominated by ethereal guitar from david rhodes and heavenly synthesizers , courtesy of gabriel himself . then there 's one of the biggest hits of 1980s ( which also spawned what may be the best music video in history ) , " sledgehammer , " inspired by the motown music gabriel listened to as a child . with its pounding , industrial percussion , playful bass ( by gabriel 's exclusive bass man , tony levin ) and clever , sexually suggestive lyrics , it 's no surprise that " sledgehammer " was a hit . after letting his silly side out , gabriel tries to inspire with " do n't give up " , a nice song made great by heavenly vocals from another popular 80s musician , kate bush . the subsequent track , " that voice again " , is my personal favorite song from this album . it features some excellent drumming from manu katche , an immensely-talented drummer who has also played with artists like sting , along with misty guitars , delightful synthesizers , and fine lyrics hit home by gabriel 's pained singing . like the best tracks on so , " that voice again " manages to be fun , moody , uplifting , powerful , warm , and inspirational , all at once . gabriel winds down a little for the dreamy , powerful " mercy street " , a song inspired by and written about anne sexton , an american mental patient who relieved her depression through writing . as on his previous albums , gabriel proves that he knows when to lighten up by whipping out " big time " , a silly but fun track which also spawned an innovative music video . " big time " features heavy drumming from stewart copeland , the former drummer of the police , as well as some awesome cmi by simon clark . " we do what we 're told ( miligram 's 37 ) " is about the experiments of yale professor stanley milgram . milgram would have his subjects administer shocks to actors , who would scream in pain as the shocks became more and more horrible . milgram observed that his subjects would do what he told them to do , despite the immense pain they appeared to be inflicting on the actors . he follows that rather cold song with " this is the picture ( excellent birds ) " , a tensely surreal tune . the album closes with one of gabriel 's most famous songs , " in your eyes " . most people are familiar with the song from its usage in cameron crowe 's romantic comedy masterpiece ... say anything , where the song was used in what has become one of the most famous scenes in movie history . it 's one of gabriel 's warmest and most romantic compositions , and also one of his best . on the original lp version of so , " we do what we 're told " closed out the album . that 's a fine way to end it , but it 's also a rather cold way to end such a warm album . when the album was re-released remastered on cd in 2002 , gabriel placed " in your eyes " at the end of the album as he originally intended . now that is the way to end it ! so - how does so rank among the many other brilliant works of peter gabriel ? well , it ranks quite highly , actually . it 's one of the pinnacles of gabriel 's career , though whether it truly is the peak or not is hard to say . after all , how can one compare gabriel 's albums when they are all so vastly different ? certainly , though , so is one of the finest gabriel masterpieces . this is fun , well-crafted , emotional music . so is so wonderful . 
music pos 988.txt i would like to point out that mtv rocks is funny and you guys are suckers . this album does rule , just not as much as top40 radio hits 
music pos 975.txt i drive alot commuting to and from my job . this music has served as the perfect backdrop to an lovely indiana fall ! i 'm sure i 'll recall those colorful images as i continue to listen to this cd through the colorless days of winter 
music pos 792.txt i remember listning to this album over and over again when i was young . to this day i still ca n't get these awesome songs out of my head ! a must get album for you old school folks or anyone that enjoys great music 
music pos 304.txt please do yourself a favor and buy this cd ! whatever you do , dont listen to it in your car though . no kidding aside , i almost ran my car off the road because i was laughing so hard 
music pos 746.txt martina mcbride 's " emotion " album contains many pop country elements , but is still nonetheless a great album . here 's how i rate each song . ( out of a 5 star scale ) 1 ) do what you do - good song , but takes a little to get used to . ( 4 stars ) 2 ) anything 's better than feeling the blues - good songs , good lyrics . ( 4 stars ) 3 ) i love you - great song , martina 's most successful song on the country charts , spending 5 weeks in the top spot . ( 5 stars ) 4 ) make me believe - great song about whether one 's love is true or not... . i love the lyric " but it 's hard to start a fire without a spark ( 5 stars ) 5 ) love 's the only house - this song will draw a strong connection to your heart . the song is spectacular and speaks the truth.. . love is truly the only house big enough for all the world 's pain . the video to this song is very touching as well . go martina ! ( 5 stars ) 6 ) there you are - a perfect wedding song.. . she hold the " are " note for at least 12+ seconds near the end . ( 5 stars ) if you hear this song live , she holds the note 15 seconds ! ! ! ! ( so live this song will be 6 stars / 5 stars ! ! ! ! ) 7 ) it 's my time - the first song that i ever heard martina perform live in the ama awards.. . she rocked the house down with this song.. . she also holds a 10 second note at this song . love that range of hers . ( 5 stars ) 8 ) i ai n't goin ' nowhere - i like this song and its message about being there for a significant other . ( 5 stars ) 9 ) anything and everything - the lyrics and martina 's gentle vocal performance on this song are perfection . ( 5 stars ) 10 ) from the ashes - another standout song on this album . she holds some high notes in this one too . ( 5 stars ) 11 ) goodbye - a solid performance , i llike how martina goes lower and softer in some parts of the song . ( 4 stars ) 12 ) this uncivil war - the best song on the album ! ! ! ! amazing ! ! ! ! written by gretchen , the writer of martina 's career hit " indepedence day . " a very emotional song , which defines the title of the album . the ending is a real treat as well . ( 6 stars ! ) this album is definitely worth purchasing ! ! ! it helps complete my collection of martina 's albums 
music pos 59.txt jon brion does such a great job capturing emotion with great music . hes also so damn great and fitting sound witht the mood of a movie . if you liked this movie , by all means , buy the soundtrack . you will not be dissapointed . eevery time it listen it not only reminds me of the amazing movie , it makes me feel. . just. . good . also , be sure to pick up his solo record , meaningless . if you liked the movie , buy this cd , you wont regret it 
music pos 177.txt this cd is great . it is a must have . picture yourself in the wild or on a lake in a boat and a thunderstorm comes rolling in slowly . you hear the rain , the thunder in the distance , you sense the storm getting closer . the storm is over head , loud piercing thunder claps and you duck for cover . the thunderstorm slowly moves out but the rain is a constant presents . the thunder rolls on but the wild life moves in , bullfrogs , owls in the distance , all the animals are alive now . this cd is all in one , the real deal . it is not all thunder . i love it . i also bought thunderstorm [rykodisc] ; this was a waste of money . to me , in my opinion it sounds like the storm just knocked the cable out , static and more static . 
music pos 186.txt i love this soundtrack ! it stands alone as beautiful , haunting , alluring , and innocent- -just as griet herself was in the film . desplat perfectly captured the spirit of the story , enhanced and deepened a plot that was less than stellar . scarlett johanssen 's acting is superb , as well as essie davis and colin firth . the story , though , was a bit tired- -pretty housemaid / jealous wife / do-nothing husband . its portrayal of vermeer and his wife was a disservice to the real people , even though it is a fictionalized account . the two best tracks on this album are ' griet 's theme ' and ' colours in the clouds' . while i 'm not keen on seeing the film again , this soundtrack is a treasure . it 's a real work of art , second only to vermeer 's work 
music pos 264.txt all i can say is you must try this ! 
music pos 431.txt sometimes , debut albums present an artist in full bloom , with an assured grasp on their sound and message . sometimes , debut albums are nothing but promise , pointing toward what the artist could do . public enemy 's gripping first album , yo ! bum rush the show , manages to fill both categories : it 's an expert , fully realized record of extraordinary power , but it pales in comparison with what came merely a year later . this is very much a rick rubin-directed production , kicking heavy guitars toward the front , honing the loops , rhythms , and samples into a roar with as much in common with rock as rap . but , damn if they do n't sound like they 've already conquered the world ! already , there is a tangible , physical excitement to the music , something that hits the gut with relentless force , as the mind races to keep up with chuck 's relentless rhymes or flavor flav 's spastic outbursts . and if there does n't seem to be as many classics here - - " you 're gonna get yours , " " miuzi weighs a ton , " " public enemy no . 1 " - - that 's only in comparison to what came later , since by any other artist an album this furious , visceral , and exciting would unquestionably be heralded as a classic . from public enemy , this is simply a shade under classic status 
music pos 433.txt i just love this cd . over 8 years ago my much older coworker turned me onto this album . it is definetly not just for st paddy 's day . this is an album you can listen to over and over . the sinead songs are a bit whiney , but she does have an excellent voice . you can not get better that mic and sting . sting 's song is just incredible . 
music pos 360.txt pinback blows me away . i consider my taste in music to be very diverse , with a tendency to love obscure indie rock-pop , from the last three decades ( talk talk , split enz to elliot smith and death cab ) . pinback delivers some of the best , most consistent music i 've heard in years . i started with summer in abaddon and was weak in the knees , then i acquired their debut album and could barely stand...and now , blue screen life has about knocked the breath right out of me . i have n't gotten through the entire back catalog because i ca n't stop listening to the three albums i have in my hands . words cannot express how fascinating this band is - intricate & complicated with a simple , straightforward delivery . their transitions are sick . they put their contemporaries ( death cab , the shins , the killers ) to shame . i love all of the aforementioned bands , but pinback slaughters them in delivering well conceived , perfectly executed , diversified albums that you can listen to from front to back , over & over . how many albums can you say that about ? they are heavenly . the standouts are xiy , boo , concrete seconds , bbtone , prog , pene.. . oh , screw it - every song is great ! 
music pos 782.txt this is tha best master p album this and the movie this came out when i was and the 6 grade to lisen to this it 's emosional to me it reminds me of back n da day friends i knew all that my favrite song is mama raised me it gots bone , snoop , e-40 all no limit all them it 's a great album you can lisen to it most the way though it 's a great album gansta classic you gotta get this 
music pos 296.txt every thing he sings is perfect , i 've yet to find one song that does n't move me . this cd has some beauties . & quot ; daughter of mine&quot ; is priceless . & quot ; steal away&quot ; is very nice . & quot ; one small star&quot ; brings tears . this arrangement of & quot ; voyage&quot ; is probably the best i 've heard . his traditional songs ( & quot ; when you and i were young maggie&quot ; and & quot ; mary of argyle&quot ; ) are beautiful . i ca n't find anything on this cd i could n't listen to for hours . i truly love music and listen to it constantly . i find myself reaching for the mcdermott cd 's almost exclusively . i have them all , more please 
music pos 263.txt so many times , older recordings are not very high quality but not with this group of songs . if you are a marty robbins fan ( and i am ) this cd is a must 
music pos 15.txt there is a saying in the construction industry " tripping over dollars to pick up nickels . " or in the regular world " ca n't see the black forest for the trees . " i doubt if there is an definitive rendition of all of beethoven 's symphonies . even the composers own conducted versions changed over time and from performance to performance depending on the players or his intentions . instruments were constantly changing and you know this guy was never satisfied , always stretching . we can only guess what his exact intentions would be today or tomorrow . what you want to remember is : 1 ) the first version of anything you seriously like will color your listenings of subsequent versions . you 'll be listening for qualities that are n't there and missing qualities that are there . 2 ) different versions bring us different views . is n't that a good thing ? sound in all it 's forms is preferable than a useless search for the best sound . i 'd rather have that kind of an attitude than the bickering negative perfectionist snob attitudes of some of the reviewers here . having said that.. . i love these versions . i 've had them for some time . i have at least 4 versions of the symphonies . these are clear , well recorded , dynamic and straight forward . beethoven 's passion , mental range and personal warmth are within . you can easily hear the information that beethoven wanted you to hear . probably better than he could . no make that clearly better than he could . ha ha ! these are solid , lovely , beautiful , and astounding . listen to them 
music pos 965.txt if you are looking for true hip-hop , this is a must for your collection . four of the best lyrist in the game is all on one cd . quit buying those fake ass hip-pop albums and get the real deal . from the production to mcing its all there . matter facts get 2 albums so when the first one is used up you 'll have a fresh one in the stacks . 
music pos 944.txt the first time you play this cd you 're just gonna hate it . promise ring 's third album is the opposite of this . very emergency is super catchy and tight but you get sick of it quick , there 's just not much there . that understood , this album will rock you for years . it grows on you . at first listen it sounds like really bad emo demos . like the faceless band you saw open for fugazi the last time they hobbled into town . no hooks , no choruses , lots of really bad singing and sloppy guitar [with the drums mixed way too loud , an emo thing]. on the 100th listen , if you make it that far , it will sound like an old friend yammerin ' on about the good old days . trust me , it 's a desert island disc in the making , i envy those of you just discovering this cd 
music pos 637.txt ummm if you buy it you will know i borrowed it from a friend and he never got it back...so i bought him another 
music pos 290.txt hot hot heat is one of the few new bands to pique my interest . their first release was decent , but " elevator " is even better . great tunes , drums and guitars - and , of course , steve bays ' yelping vocals . there 's only three songs i really do n't care for - " pickin ' it up " , " soldier in a box " and " shame on you " . looking forward to the next cd 
music pos 669.txt basie 's best players come to duke 's place , the columbia records 30th street studios in 1961 and face ellington 's finest . not a battle , but not quite a merger , either , since the count 's contingent is heard in one speaker and their hosts in another channel . there 's more than an hour of good music on here , laid down in the dying days of big jazz touring orchestras . popular tastes had changed and the costs of keeping large groups of players together were impossible . this is one of those rare cd 's in which the booklet is almost as good as the music . this one reveals that during this 12-hour late-afternoon-to-early-morning session , one of ellington 's long-time employees quit the group forever because the boss would not take his side in a fight with a colleague . also interesting is the dispute over the title and cover graphics . basie hated columbia 's first idea to bill the date as a competition , and his agent even destroyed the only copy of the original cover art . the end result is an album whose sales over 40 years have been hurt because no one knows its name . the cover finally chosen says " the count meets the duke " but in larger letters it declares " first time ! " and then adds " 2 great orchestras " and finally states " duke ellington and count basie . " the label columbia / sony put on the disc itself for this reissue says " duke ellington meets count basie " which makes no sense because they had known each other since the 20's . if you already like both orchestras , you 'll want to own this late career session . if you want an introduction to each group in its waning years , the cd serves nicely for that , too . this disc really jives , so do n't be expecting any ballads here 
music pos 622.txt the animals , a group that included eric burdon and alan price , were the first major pop stars to emerge from newcastle , a city located about 300 miles north of london , therefore far removed from where most talent scouts were searching . it is fortunate for us all that the animals were discovered because they recorded some of the best r+b music to come of the uk in the sixties . their biggest hit was house of the rising sun , a re-working of a folk song ( apparently inspired by josh white 's version of the song ) that gave them a transatlantic number one hit . they had five other top ten uk hits with mickie most , these being i 'm crying , do n't let me be misunderstood ( a cover of a nina simone song ) , bring it on home to me ( a sam cooke cover ) , we gotta get out of this place ( the version included here is the uk version - a markedly different recording was released in america but was unavailable for inclusion in this set ) and it 's my life . apart from their singles , the animals recorded many other covers including boom boom , dimples , i 'm mad again ( all john lee hooker ) , around and around , memphis tennessee , how you 've changed ( all chuck berry ) , i 'm in love again , i 've been around ( both fats domino ) , talking about you , hallelujah i love her so and i believe to my soul ( all ray charles ) . these covers clearly demonstrate what their main influences were , but they also wrote some of their own songs . all the music i 've mentioned so far and much more can be found on this excellent compilation . nevertheless , despite the title of the compilation , it is n't actually their complete recordings - there is a sub-text explaining that these are the complete recordings that they made with mickie most as producer , although the liner notes describe their whole career . after the split , they switched to another record label , where they had some success using the name eric burdon and the animals , including two more uk top ten hits ( do n't bring me down , san franciscan nights ) and several lesser hits , all of which can be found elsewhere ( search for eric burdon ) . alan price left the group before the split with mickie most and had several hits as a solo singer . these are also outside the scope of this collection but are easy to find . this complete collection ( apart from the american version of we 've got to get out of this place ) of the first and most important part of the animals ' career may be more than some people want - there are single cd collections available if you just want the hits - but if , like me , you like to explore beyond the hits , this is for you 
music pos 621.txt i have both the & quot ; heat&quot ; and & quot ; seduction&quot ; cd 's by oscar lopez and listen to both of them with wonder . this man is magic . i have about 20 & quot ; new flaminco&quot ; cd 's and these are right at the top as far as my tastes are concerned . oscar , if you 're listening , i check at least once a month for your next one 
music pos 476.txt released is the kind of album you put in , kick your feet up with a good beverage , and head off to someplace on the silverscreen of your mind that is pure tranquility . oster 's trumpet echoes on long after the music is off . here 's hoping there 's more from this new and amazing artist 
music pos 570.txt stick to singing in spanish , shak 
music pos 970.txt jeff beck is far from the typical rock guitarist . he never took the easy path of showing how fast or virtuoso he is . instead , he is full of intriguing and explosive ideas that make you want to listen to this cd over and over again . that 's what musicianship is all about , and jeff has plenty of it 
music pos 424.txt i first heard this album in the late 6o 's when it was originally released . starting with the first track , & quot ; blood of the sun&quot ; , i was hooked . leslie west was and has been a vastly unnoticed guitarist treasure . his throaty singing and driving band , featuring felix pappalardi , made this band one that should be placed on the list of & quot ; great ones&quot ; . probably due to the many other better publicized bands , like led zeppelin and the like , leslie west and mountain seemed to get shoved away into the closet . open the closet , you guitarists out there , and give this cd a try . i do n't think you will be anything but delighte 
music pos 643.txt i heard this music on the excellent p b s documentary : & quot ; liberty - the american revolution&quot ; and i knew i had to have it ! it is the finest music i have heard , capturing the heart and soul of the american revolution . the documentary & quot ; liberty&quot ; was a masterpiece that was beautiful and moving . so too this music with its most wonderful arrangements and accompaniment . i love it ! i could hardly wait to get it in the mail . it framed the documentary ( which i also bought ) like a great frame compliments a beautiful canvas painting . superlatives fail me . this music must be experienced by first watching the great series on the american revolution and then by listening to it apart . this is some of the most wonderful music i have ever heard . it reminds me of the genius of aaron copland who wrote the applachian spring and rodeo suites 
music pos 108.txt i was already a fan of mike and the jacksons , but when motown 25 came on in 83 , this guy set the standard for what music and performance could be and where it could go . till this day in my lifetime that one performance at motown 25 is the single most perfect performance i 've ever seen . i remember the next day at school and the next month after that performance we had all kind of talent shows where all of the kids were trying to out moonwalk each other . the saddest and funniest part was watching the less fortunate kids who could not afford the michael gear wearing tube socks with dress shoes and kids making home made glitter and rhinestone gloves . hilarious . as an adult , i refuse to let the media and even michael himself ruin my childhood memories of this untouchable piece of music . 24 years later thriller remains the album to beat 
music pos 878.txt this album has morse code on it , what more can you say.. . ...well some of that morse code actually sounds like that ua6 you just worked on 40 metres , complete with t6 buzz and slow drift . and the music is pretty good too . 
music pos 661.txt i wonder if the two reviewers who said they were disappointed in this soundtrack watched the film ? my guess is that they did not . the film was enhanced by the james horner score and it would have been hurt by anything that was not light and subtle . it is a unique and amazing film and the score is a perfect match . by the way , the bigwigs at universal nearly died when they heard it and then were equally stunned when they asked horner for the written score and he had to admit that none existed ! wonderful music 
music pos 572.txt this is one of those rare cds that you 'll leave in your car cd player for months and not get tired of , because it fits most moods . feels like melissa etheridge meets cheryl crow , with an old blues feel here and there , and some nice , heavy tori amos-like piano and vocals here and there too 
music pos 561.txt when i bought this cd i did not know that much about supergrass . the only songs i had even heard were " pumping on the stereo " and " sun hits the sky " and i liked both of these songs a lot . so while i was cruising the aisles in the record shop , my eyes caught a glimpse of supergrass is 10 , so i decided to buy it because it was at a great price , and i am glad i did . the cd has not left my car since i bought it two months ago . every single one of the songs can get stuck in your head , and you won'tbe upset . from the opening track " caught by the fuzz " to the finale " wait for the sun " the album just rock throughout , and everytime i listen to it i want more . the album clocks in at 71 minutes , but everytime i am done listenintg to it i feel unfulfilled . that is a sign of a band making great music 
music pos 174.txt it 's hard to believe this music is more than a quarter century old now . i think it would recieve the same kind of accolades if had come out yesterday . but it didn't . it came out in the summer of 1979. it was the summer before my sophomore year in college , my first summer away from home . for at least a week , anytime it was my turn to put something on the turntable , i 'd select side 1 of " rust never sleeps . " it took me at least that long to flip the darn thing over . and then , when i did , for the next week , anytime it was my turn to put something on the turntable , i 'd select side 2 of " rust never sleeps . " my flatmates never complained . oddly , the songs i see getting the most grief in the reviews here are my faves . you do n't really want to do without the swooping lead guitar , contagious handclaps , and hysterically funny yet politically cutting chorus of " welfare mothers , " now , do you really ? as for " sedan delivery , " i have only the vaguest clue of what it 's about , but it 's sure a scorcher ( and it 's still hard to find a job ) . allright , maybe we do n't need two versions of " hey hey , my my , " but which one would you delete ? as far as i 'm concerned , there 's only one song here that has n't withstood the test of time : " sail away , " which is innocuously pretty , but lacks the bark and bite of even the other acoustic stuff . " trasher " and " pocahontas " are both beautiful and mean in just the right amounts and places . poor marlon , poor csn . do i wax nostalgiac ? perhaps , but not overly so . this remains essential neil , which is to say as essential as rock ' n roll gets . it still sounds fresh and relevant . and fun . did i mention fun ? in fact , i 'm gonna go plunk it on right now , maybe take a breather between " sail away " and " powderfinger " to relive the lp experience . you should too . 
music pos 2.txt on one hand , this cd is a straight ahead instrumental rocker , but johnny a really shows how great he is with ballads , such as his covers of " wichita lineman , " and " yes it is. " in fact , those two ballads alone are worth the price of the cd by themselves . but johnny a can flat kick your ass , too . he 's a biker and his tunes like oh yeah , in the wind and two wheel horse are named for his other hobby . and they rock , but there 's nothing cliched or tired in his style . he always seems to be looking for new ways to say something . i saw him in person at the triple door in seattle sometime in february 2005 in a power trio format and he played most of the tunes on this album . the guy is one amazing guitar player . he played his signature gibson hollow body , fitted with a vibrato tailpiece ( bigsby ? it was like the old chet atkins " country gentleman " model ) and he utilized a battery of foot pedal effects , coming eventually through a pair of marshall combo amps . the guy had some of the best clean tones i 've ever heard from anyone , anywhere . basically , johnny a is a guitarist who has complete command of the instrument . and he 's got a rocking soul that cuts loose on originals and covers alike in a style that 's all his own , and that 's saying something these days . if you love great rocking / rockabilly guitar , combined with really cool ballad playing in the power trio format , this cd is just what you 're looking for . in fact , i guarantee you 'll be knocked out . five stars . 
music pos 700.txt it all started when i was a little kid and my dad gave me this album ( he was n't a fan , he probably picked it up with a crate of used records . ) it was one of my first exposures to rock and roll . nearly 30 years later i still own the original vinyl ( the one that had the exploding fire extinguisher rooster album cover . ) i am glad to have it now on cd , the vinyl being about as scratched and pitted as can possibly be and still be remotely playable . i dissent the reviewers who praise ducann over crane , for really , it is after all vincent crane 's project ( crane , also organist for crazy world of arthur brown . ) a keyboard player myself i consider crane one of my biggest influences and i hold great admiration for his playing . ducann and hammond also deserve praise for their performances , but it should be painfully obvious who the star of an organ driven rock band is : um , the audience ... er , no the organist ! take a trip back in time and enjoy this classic work 
music pos 289.txt this album is great but i 'm looking for a song that i think they sung . it goes : pressing on we 're pressing on ( repeat ) . waiting on jesus to answer our call we 're holding on ( repeat ) pressing , pressing , pressing . if anyone knows the name of the song , or has any suggestions on who sings this song , please email me at udeebear1984@yahoo.com . thank you and have a blessed day ! : 
music pos 528.txt people , what a killer release this is . i bought it in ' 92 when it was released , not knowing what to expect , as i had never heard a single cut from it . i knew schonn was the axeman on this baby , and that was all i needed to know . i popped this cd in the player , and was instantly floored . what great melodic , poweful tunes filled my ears . i 'm not much of a ballad fan , but even those are great . dean castronova on drums was the perfect choice for this type of release , as he adds the power to schonn 's precision . this is how neal would have played with journey , had the suits let him do so . the gioeli brothers , unknown to me at the time , do a masterful job as well . it 's such a shame that great bands make an album or two , and just fade away , ie . lynch mob , badlands and these guys , to name a few . this release is far superior to their second offering , but that one is pretty tasty as well . i suggest paying the coin for this cd , as it 's worth every penny . hardline 2 will run you about twice as much , but imports often do . get ' em both if ya ' can , but this one is the best of the 2. peace . 
music pos 947.txt never mind the fact that jay introduced the jazz world to charlie parker . his band rocked ! after basie , nobody swung like mcshann . this 2 dis set covers the big band sides and the later 40 's small band jump blues sides . anything by this man is worth listening to . another great disc by the proper label , who release wonderful compilations with informative booklets at a bargain price . highly recommended 
music pos 738.txt what an awesome cd.. . i bought a flogging molly cd as well but dropkick murphy 's are better by far ! 
music pos 767.txt we are using this series of cds in our homeschool music program - they are fantastic ! we especially love this one about bach - what an awesome man ! the story of his life is told in a way that is very interesting and holds the children 's attention while also using various pieces of his music in the narration . it is done very well ! my children are gaining a tremendous amount of knowlege and appreciation for music through this cd and so are my husband and i 
music pos 607.txt leo kottke is a national treasure . he is our greatest living solo acoustic guitar virtuoso . having said that , you 'd expect his cds to be at a very high level of brilliance . i have at least a dozen of his titles . if there is any trouble in deciding the merits of any one disc , it 's because there are so many kottke releases to choose from . " one guitar , no vocals " clearly ranks as one of the best . the compositions tickle my brain , warm my heart , and put a bounce into my step . the guitar playing is dazzling . you really get a glimpse of the man behind the guitar by listening to this music - brilliant , thoughtful , odd , complex , quirky , a huge heart , and the wackiest sense of humor . it 's spirited music , so thoroughly drenched in the personality of its creator that it 's unmistakably and immediately recognizable as leo . the world is full of acoustic guitar instrumentalists these days . some of them are quite excellent . many are not . but there is only one leo kottke . and his guitar music is a gift to the world . a very strong recommendation for this cd 
music pos 278.txt for the longest time , i have thought that observational truths were highly prone to being the most piercing of things : i have believed that the truth could either hurt ( or disturb ) you terribly , or make you laugh so hard , to the point of hysteria- -or a combination of both extremes . there are many things to put this theory to the test , but to cut it all short , all one would need to do ( if by chance it has n't been done already ) is experience the observational humor of richard pryor to possibly get a better understanding of what i am talking about . this classic comedy album from 1975 is a prime example . richard pryor has been hailed as a genius by many , and i would have to agree : it takes plenty of intelligence and natural talent to be a comedian for starters , but to also turn many disturbing observational truths of everyday life into something painfully , body-breakingly hilarious takes a whole lot of something as well . from the very beginning , to the tail-end of this cd , 1975 's _is it something i said ? _ is a non-stop laugh fest , that personally gets *me* laughing so loud and hard , i end up pretty much abusing almost every part of my body in the process : my throat , my lungs , my sides , my stomach- -they all end up feeling beaten and worn-out . richard 's takes on drugs , sex , race & racism , relationships , and politics in general are every bit as painfully observational as they are profane- -and did i mention hilarious ? the racy quality of the material found here makes so much of what 's referred to as " cutting-edge " these days , seem so contrived and unaffecting ; richard 's observations seem just as relevant now- -if not more so- -as they were 30 years ago . i could n't be graphic in pointing out some of the sickeningly funny moments on this disc - - and there are many - - but i should say that the opening one-two punch of " eulogy , " and " shortage of white people , " and richard 's take on his own battle with cocaine addiction in the " cocaine " bit get me cracking up so hysterically , i sometimes need to be careful not to make myself sick . and again , those are just a few of the many hysterical blasts found here . richard pryor is considered a comedic legend for a reason . this album here is a good example as to why he is considered as such . just do n't play it for the kids , and for the love of god *don't * play it during the middle of the night ; you most certainly will disturb the beauty rest of your family , and your neighbors . and you know what could happen if you disturb one person 's beauty rest : just imagine what would happen if you disturbed the beauty rest of many. . 
music pos 20.txt i had tears in my eyes when i first heard this album . i get emotional over music i really like , and this album got to me.so many great standards so well delivered by the duo . they deliberately chose slower ballads for this album so do n't look for uptempo , snappy songs in this one.not that harry warren could not write faster stuff like jeepers creepers , shuffling off to buffalo etc. this album is to sing along with softly or hum.i kept thinking of bogart in the rain in casablanca and other lovers in w.wii.i know the main tune in that movie was not by harry warren ; it simply reminded me of great love tunes from that era by julie styne[time after time] and the grossly underrated harry warren.grab someone you love , some good wine and savor one of the great popular composers and a great duo.they should do more harry warren albums , michael and george.i thank them profusely 
music pos 44.txt wow , this album takes me back to the fall of ' 79 , around the same time as mj was taking over the world with his scorching solo debut " off the wall " ! ! both of these albums got heavy rotation on my turntable and were house party essentials when i was a 15 yr old kid spinning the hot joints of the day ! at this time , prince was still a virtual unknown to the mainstream , but to a hip urban audience comprised mostly of blacks , gays , and ultra-hip whites who really knew what time it was , this lp served as notice that a " new thang " was brewin ' in minneapolis that was going to take the pop world by storm in a few short years ! from the opening track , " i wanna be your lover " , his first big single ( gold ) to the rockin ' " why you wanna treat me so bad ? " , which also was a single and a true fan fave ! - - to " sexy dancer " which was sure to bring everybody to the dance floor and into a frenzy ! prince then cools down the mood with " when we 're dancing close and slow " , which is just beautiful with its sparse piano and acoustic 12-string guitar- -one of his many underrated slow jams of all time ! then side 2 opened with the pretty " with you " and into the scorching rockalistic ode to female bisexuality. . " bambi " , which still knocks me for a loop ! i 've had the pleasure of seeing him perform this song live twice down through the years. . once in 1980 during his " dirty mind tour " and again in 1992 during his " nude tour " while i was overseas ! - -awesome ! ! then there 's what i call " the great triplicate " ... " still waiting " ( another underrated slow classic ! ) , followed by what is to me , the definitive version of " i feel for you " ( no disrespect to the great chaka khan ! ) , followed by another underrated slow jam masterpiece " it 's gonna be lonely " , which still sends me today at 41 the same as it did when i first heard it at 15 ! this album was prince 's first platinum album , proving that he ( at only 22 ) was indeed a hitmaker and one to watch ! this album and the next one , " dirty mind " , served as a changing of the gaurd from the older established innovators of that day like stevie wonder , earth , wind & fire and parliament / funkadelic , etc. & is an essential if your collecting prince classics ! in fact , you ca n't go wrong with this kat between his debut , 1978 's " for you " to 1987 's " sign o ' the times " ...it just does n't get any better ! 
music pos 9.txt relationships and drug use are major themes . this album starts off with two absolute killer tunes , lets down some but has a joy thoughout . i ca n't believe this is going to be his only album.....what a shame . from someone who has been listening to rock for a long time , i tell ya , this is a blast . pure fun . something you might want to give to someone you have broken up with as its full of a broken heart and the joy of being in love.....mostly rather quickly paced . one of my favorite albums of the 90s . more people should listen 
music pos 544.txt first off , to the above comments , while i thoroughly enjoyed your well articulated history lessons , and would be interested to read other history lessons from you , you have to realize that this story is not directly based off of the 300 spartans at thermopolye , but of the graphic novel . now this is not to say that it is historily accurate in some sense , but the movie is tuned more to the direction of the graphic novell itself . **** caution spoiler alert ***** besides that the soundtrack is amazing and it is always a joy to listen to a soundtrack that really captivates the real emotion of that particular scene , i especially enjoyed the music when they fight the " beasts " and it is really hard rock , and i especially loved the ending music when the entire spartan army is gathered and the one spartan is telling them to remember leonidas ( it is called remember us on the soundtrack ) . may we all find our own " glorius death 
music pos 350.txt there is a reason why styx was the first musical act to have 4 triple platinum albums in row ! find out why . they are a unique band , with their own uncatagorizable style and sound . not hard rock , but can rock . not pop , but catchy melodies and great three part harmony . not art rock , but themed concepts in their writing and dramatic tempo changes and crescendos in their music . it is probably true that lady was the first power ballad , though styx was not credited for it . lady paved the way for other rock bands to showcase their softer sides . perhaps styx was not always successful in their attempts , but they took chances artistically and musically and should be given props for doing so . every song on this cd is great ; however the two that stand out for me are too much time on my hands and suite madame blue . most people who have spent time in neighborhood bar will would likely agree that too much time on my hands is witty , funny , and true . suite madame blue a song which is a metaphor for the united states is simply one of the greatest rock songs ever ! ! the lyrics of suite madame blue are as powerful as the music , and this song contains all the elements which made styx great 
music pos 558.txt i hesitated for so long to get this . having followed moby 's rise since circa 1994 it has been amazing to watch what an impact he has had on music and on various cultural media over the years . i like his early techno / rave stuff and have enjoyed the gift he has for using electronica to score some beautiful and haunting hymns . but i wondered : has moby gone soft ? has he sold out ? i was pleasantly surprised . look at the cover and add rain . that 's the overall mood of this album . i find rain to be cleansing on many levels , often building a mood of pensiveness , reflection and a fragile peacefulness . there is a glorious melancholy in the music , the lyrics and the singing on the album . take the chilled out moments from moby 's other albums and build on it . that 's what he 's done here . almost every song has singing - primarily moby 's longing , almost cyring , voice - and almost every song is for those rainy nights , when the world does n't make sense , when longing for companionship and understanding burdens the heart , yet with a subtle hope underneath it all . it 's downtempo , mellow , moody and sometimes sad . but it is beautiful . do n't expect " old " moby , do n't look for the commercial jingles of play . just put it on and listen 
music pos 84.txt it tiptoes through the years and delivers the punch , but as i wrote in my review , i never thought shangri la was going to be the last , though it appears just that . but all in the suit , man , they did that after shangri la de and i wonder , if this was the direction to come , my god ! ! ! ! it 's worth it for that track alone. . 5 stars is my own way of saying thank you , but it is not just sentimental , the only album in the short career that was n't great was tiny music , but the quote " trippin " made up for it . it 's a shame it 's over . i do n't like revolver , it 's not evolution for weiland and i ca n't imagine him being happy there , it steps back and all i ever hoped was that someday this band , stp , would reign supreme and been given the praise and adulation they deserve . all i can do is give stars , but i would rather buy another stp album or go see them live...is rock dead ? i think it is and it went with this band 
music pos 211.txt as he did with " parade " , the soundtrack to his last vanity project " under the cherry moon " , prince provides a musically invigorating soundtrack to " graffiti bridge " , which is a hopelessly silly film . no matter . " graffiti bridge " , prince 's first album of the 90 's , is also one of prince 's best albums of the 90's . " new power generation " serves as the title track to prince 's new band , and it 's a powerful , funky manifesto . " the question of u " is exotic and intoxicating . " elephants and flowers " is an upbeat song about spiritual redemption , whereas " tick tick bang " is prince at his most joyously raunchy . although most of prince 's material is exceptionally strong here , the collaborations and contributions by other artists are a mixed bag . " we can funk " is a simmering duet between prince and funkmaster george clinton , and tevin campbell provides some youthful exuberance to " round and round " . but the tracks by the time mostly fall flat . i 've personally always found morris day to be a one-trick pony with his effete pimp routine , and his one trick gets boring quickly . it 's obvious that with " graffiti bridge " prince is trying to create the feel and atmosphere of a funky block party . but i ca n't help but wonder , without the tracks featuring other artists , if " graffiti bridge " would n't be more highly regarded as one of prince 's better albums 
music pos 218.txt i love this album , the best of phil collins . i believe every great artist always delivers their best stuff when they are in a rut . i know he wrote some of the songs on this album bases on his bad times / suffering with his ex wife . he did not realize how much pain she was in and the mood and moment is captured very well . he is a great composer . too bad most of his new songs...2006 , times are different and so is his life , i do not enjoy them as much . once an artist becomes more self-actualized much of their best work becomes just that a memory . 
music pos 96.txt i recently saw them in san francisco just like one of the other reviewers , and i thought it was astonishing . i know a lot of people got mad cause they didnt move around or anything , i mean it could n't be because they were trying to concentrate or anything like that ! the great thing about this album is that all the instruments standout at the same time . farina ( the lead singer ) has calmed down after the last couple of albums and often times speaks his lyrics in a soft and heartfelt way that make you wish you could get into a conversation with him right then and there.and his guitar playing has even matures after the bed is in the ocean . the drummer just flat out rocks . his punctuality is a lot of the reason why these guys are so tight . the bass speaks just as well as the guitar does and sometimes takes over as the guitar holds it together and the bassist go off on his own little excursion . well , if you have a problem with a band not rocking out , i dont know what to tell you . it is jazzy , but let me be the one to tell you this is the best jazz i 've heard . i think this is the only path they could of taken . you got to evolve . sometimes that cant always be a good thing but in this case , karate is the exception . love this 
music pos 635.txt a friend of mine at work just recently introduced me to the music of chris rea via this very nice best of comp . he also recommended getting his road to hell cd . both of these cd 's were money well spent . i 'm surprised that this artist flew by my radar screen in the 80 's when he was at the peak of his songwriting and popularity , mainly due to his top 20 hit " fool ( if you think it 's over ) " . for some reason i never equated that song with this artist . the thing i like most about rea is his musical diversity . he can lay down a very memorable am pop hit like " fool " or " let 's dance " and then turn around and make a great blues rock album like " road to hell " . no matter what the genre of music , this artist is very good at laying down a nice groove . there 's plenty of catchy tunes to be found throughout this cd . " auberge " and especially the wonderful " on the beach " stuck out for me . but you get many styles here . and each song sets a different mood . from the easy listening " winter song " or the catchy " looking for summer " . or some excellent blues rock like " road to hell " , " god 's great banana skin " or the excellent instrumental hidden track at the end of the cd that shows off rea 's tasty slide guitar skills . i do n't know how i missed this artist after all of these years . but i 'm a new rea fan who now looks forward to his next album . whatever style that it might be , i 'm betting it will have some versatile playing and some very well composed melodies like this superb best of. this is a nice place to start listening to this fine artist . if your like me , after hearing this cd you 'll probably want to search out some of his individual albums . i 've since picked up his late 80 's album " dancing with strangers " . another very nice cd . most of the music on this best of cd is almost 20 years old , but it feels like it could have been written today . in other words it 's well composed music that holds up very well over time . and i 'm sure if your like me and not familiar with rea 's music , the minute you hear " fool " or " on the beach " it 's going to bring the good part of the 80 's back to you . greatest hits cd 's should all be this good . highly recommended 
music pos 60.txt attell is one of the few decent comics out there right now . i was n't that big of a fan until i saw this in a record store and decided to give it a shot . i 'm running out of comedy albums , there 's not that many good ones out there . so i bought it and i was impressed . the audience is obviously drunken college kids who were very familiar with the show " insomniac " . they would laugh and scream if just slammed the microphone into his forehead the whole night . he has very good timing and delivery though and his jokes have very unpredictable punchlines for the first time you are hearing them . you never see the punchline coming a mile away . he is vulgar so if you are sensitive in any way to graphic sexual scenarios and profanity , stay away . he is one of the few that i enjoy now , tragically mitch hedberg died in march because he was another . the increasingly popular dane cook does n't do it for me . cook 's retaliation cd has broken all sorts of records for a comedy album . i think cook is very marketable to the college , 20something crowd , guys like him because he 's the loud obnoxious drinking buddy from the frat , chicks think he 's cute . i recommomend attell myself , he is vulgar but is just a better comedian 
music pos 439.txt i 've always been a terri clark fan but this is the first cd i 've purchased by her . i was surprised at how much i really enjoyed this cd ! terri has an amazing voice and the songs kept me listening to the cd over and over again 
music pos 336.txt the sounds were very convincing , i actually felt like i was there even my daughter thought it was really storming outside since i have a subwoofer and was able to control the thunder intensity ( all this was at night ) the only thing missing was the strobe light to add to the lightnig effect . it does relax you and allows you to destress . there are other types of stress management cd 's out there but if you like the outdoors and your'e not able to get away then this is what may work for you . johnny lina 
music pos 247.txt i ca n't say with the words must listen ! 
music pos 122.txt i have seen al jarreau 20 times in concert ( and recently saw al and george perform at the hollywood bowl ) and am a long-time fan from way back . there are a few al cds that you just play forwards and backwards ( and back when they were cassettes , you wore out the tape ) because they 're just perfect . " breakin ' away " , " jarreau " and " heaven and earth " come to mind . well , add " givin ' it up " to that list . if you 're an old-school al fan and you 're wondering whether to buy this cd , buy it . it will live up to all of your al expectations . there 's a " look the rainbow " feel to it , there 's a " breakin ' away " feel to it , there 's a " jarreau " feel to it . there 's even a " glow " feel to it ( when you think about tunes like " milwaukee " and " have you seen the child ? " ) . grassroots al. it 's got the production values of " heaven and earth " and " tenderness " . fabulous production , arrangements , gathering of talent . there is not one song on here that you will skip as you 're listening to it driving to work or whatever . in fact , if you 're throwing a party and want to instantly get people in a jazzy party mood , put on this cd because between everybody from chris botti to jill scott to a soulful paul mccartney , people will stop and say , " wow , listen to jill and george tearing up ' god bless the child . ' " and " is that paul mccartney tearing up ' bring it on home to me ' ? " [yes , it is.] meanwhile , al and george are working their magic the entire time , and guests will say , " listen to george right there . " and , " al is jamming right now . " it 's a conversation-stopper provided by the best thing that can stop a conversation at a party : fabulous music that people must comment on . of course , that 's where the conversation picks right back up , so you win either way . the blend is perfect : just a touch of scatting , just a touch of voice-beat , with lots of fabulous jazzy vocals by both al and george , tons of great music solos , and george playing a perfect guitar . if you 're a george benson fan , you will be thrilled with this cd because george provides a fabulous through-line to every piece . he 's ever-present with every wonderful thing he ever did on a guitar . he fronts many of the pieces , and he 's not in any way relegated to " background guitarist . " he is the music in every piece , with few exceptions . as much as i love al , this cd is magical because of the blend of george and al. only these two can pair up to make this kind of cd . there is no other team who could have pulled this off . you need al 's voice and george 's guitar . period . in fact , i 'm guessing much of the jazz music world is a tad jealous right now of how simply genius this cd is , as in , " dang . these two are great together . wow . " bottom line : this is a perfect blend of these two greats ' talents . george takes care of the music , while al provides the wide gamut of vocals he 's an expert at ( and that only he can provide ) . if you 've been a long-time fan of either of these two , you wo n't be disappointed . it 's not lopsided . and it 's old-school in every good way . my prediction : this cd will sweep the grammys . if it does n't , there is no justice . like another reviewer on this page , i intend to buy this cd for about eight people . it 's just that perfect 
music pos 189.txt in boyz ii men 's sophomore album , ii , they make attempts to create their own identities with writing and producing this time around escaping producer dallas austin and founder michael bivins . this lp begins with the deepest of gratitude on " thank you " produced by the group and dallas austin . both " all around the world " and " u know " are mid-tempo tracks with a hip-hop flavor to them , but neither of the two is strikingly memorable or highlights . one thing they do is provide another angle for boyz ii men . for a more relaxing environment , " vibin ' " has a rather simple instrumentation , lyrics and vocals . " i sit away " is a hidden gem with a mid-tempo flow with soothing lyrics written by tony rich and production by veteran l.a. reid and tony rich . stepping into a more modern jazz feel " jezzebel " strengthen the groups range and abilities as the album is nearing a completed overall goal . over a piano solo , boyz ii men harmonize on " khilil ( interlude ) " to shift the gears down to their overpowering abilities to formulate ballads that begins with " trying times " written and produced by wanya morris , tim kelley & bob robinson . hit maker babyface lends a hand on two of the thirteen track album with smash singles and highlights " i 'll make love to you " and " water runs dry " . heavyweights jimmy jam & terry lewis add a touch of love and mood setting material on " on bended knee " . " 50 candles " drives this album to epic proportions with its thriving bass and lyrical content " ...feels like one of those nights.. . " they show and prove why for their time there are no other male groups that can compare to their beautiful harmony and range as on " yesterday " they perform accapella . if real talent that you seek , members shawn , michael , nathan and wanya has uncompromising talent for any age , era , or time that you can enjoy for long time . 
music pos 100.txt if you were lucky enough to buy the soundtrack when first released in 1987 on enigma records , hang on to that out of print gem ! straight to hell is back on cd as straight to hell returns , and may have a lot more tracks this time , but it also deleted two tracks from the original release and shortens another track . not appearing this time are : " the good , the bad and the ugly " by the pogues , and my personal favorite " money , guns and coffee " by pray for rain . the track " the killers " by pray for rain ran 2 minutes 55 seconds on the original , but on this new release was shortened to only 2 minutes . this is rather perplexing considering straight to hell returns runs a total of 55 minutes 7 seconds , which would have left room for those other tracks to be included ( since cds can run a total of 79 minutes 59 seconds ) . i 'm deducting a point from my rating of this cd because the missing tracks should have been included ! on the plus side , this new release contains a lot of short instrumental tracks from the film that were not on the original cd release in 1987 , as well as some brief dialogue excerpts . the film was a misunderstood classic , and the soundtrack of spaghetti western-style rock is wonderful : the pogues , joe strummer , pray for rain , zander schloss , elvis costello 's macmanus gang , and even dialogue excerpts from courtney love before she was , well , i guess the word is " famous . " if you 're a fan of any of these artists , you 'll love this assortment of songs...those not familiar with the film may not be able to absorb the atmosphere these songs and instrumentals create , so get the film on dvd and you 'll appreciate the works of these artists so much more . the liner notes claim this cd is to be considered the " official " soundtrack , while the first release of it back in 1987 was basically a " souvenir . " i enjoy both releases immensely , but since i was listening to those other deleted tracks for nearly 20 years now , it 's sad to not hear them this time around 
music pos 32.txt nice cd cool beats songs like welcome to atlanta pick it u 
music pos 731.txt it was good . there are so many albums like this . this is one of the good ones 
music pos 154.txt ah , yes , it 's nirvana 's " nevermind " cd , released in 1991. i listen to all 80 's pop-metal , or hair metal ( whitesnake , winger , van halen , y&t , dokken ) i could go on forever on 80 's bands . ( of course there is rick springfield , and john cougar mellencamp ) . i am a true rocker here , i know all the true bands out there , i know everything about them . i have reasons for this . but here 's the bottom line . nirvana was a breakthough along with soundgarden and pearl jam back in the early 90's . millions of people bought those cds . and yes , there were hair bands still alive back then , like poison , and firehouse , etc. firehouse and poison had alot of success , eventhough it was n't the 80 's anymore . as i can see , alot of my fellow rockers do n't really like nirvana , or pearl jam , or soundgarden . to be completely honest , i like their music , i just do n't prefer the music , because i do n't like the hard sound . i really like the glam-hair band style . people say : " nirvana and those other grunge bands killed glam-metal " . yes , i agree that they killed the 80 's hair bands , but it 's not necessarly their fault . it 's a mix between the bands , and the people listenting to the music . because of grundge music , today 's music is quite horrifying , with emo and other types of music that would 've been a nightmare back in those days . nirvana has a great cd here , but i just do n't prefer it . if you are a real rocker , you 'll listen to all the types of music back then . do n't judge unless you have actually heard it , because you may actually like it . to all rockers - do n't listen to modern music . it 's poisoning our people , and no one really understands the true meaning of " the guitar " in today 's music . most of you will understand what i mean , so listen to the classics . classic rock , and hair bands forever , and even grunge . keep the classic alive . ~the sicilian axe ma 
music pos 104.txt at the end of the day , when you come home from school or work , one ca n't say & quot ; i feel great . &quot ; rather than great , we are stressed and tired . the sounds of falling rain is evermore relaxing that this cd captures it it almost perfectly . i too , am always stressed at the end of a work day and have relaxed to the sound of falling rain ; and it does work . it would also be helpful to listen to while sleeping . with quiet , natural sounds , it will have a soporific effect on its listeners and relax you 
music pos 334.txt this album is a great representation of what spoon is about . great music along with fantasticly written lyrics provide a feeling of sheer uphoria to one 's ears . spoons sound is somewhat like cake but different in ways as well . they are a very good band that should be getting more cred than what they are getting . some of my faves on this cd include mathematical mind , the two sides of monsieur valentine , sister jack and i turn my camera on . i would strongly recommend this cd to anyone that like alternative rock . definately money well spent 
music pos 466.txt have loved this album since it first came out years ago ( bought on vinyl - lost to the mists of time ) . the cd was out of print but i kept looking and found it on amazon ( it was re-released ) , yeah ! ! ! ! last steam engine , from the cradle to the grave , louise , owls , you do n't have to need me - some of my favorites . this , to me , is kottke in his prime 
music pos 194.txt well it 's not quite as good as rising which is the best album ever but it 's still amazing . 1.man on the silver mountain - 10 / 10 this track is a classic and is still played at every dio concert and ritchie blackmore still performed it at every rainbow concert until rainbow disbanded in 1997 but anyway this may be ritchie blackmore 's strongest riff ever ! and dio 's vocal performance is excellent . anyway it 's a great fantasy song by dio and blackmore and still got radio play so it appeals to everyone . 2.self portrait - 10 / 10 excellent dark song by the band which fits dio 's voice perfectly another classic ! 3.black sheep of the family - 8 / 10 good song but not a rainbow song it 's a cover and that 's a shame because i would have loved to hear dio 's brilliant lyrics another original song but anyway still a good listen 4.catch the rainbow - 10 / 10 another classic from this album as dio shows how well he can sing ballads as well as epics and rockers . blackmore has a solo full of feeling and this was performed at every rainbow concert until dio left the band . 5.snake charmer - 10 / 10 another song that takes place in the middle ages which is rainbow 's trademark . anyway this song is very underrated and should have been a classic . dio has brilliant lyrics and vocals as usual and it 's no suprise that blackmore supplied excellent solos and riffs for this one 6.temple of the king - 10 / 10 here is the best ballad of all time ! ! ! ronnie 's vocals are perfect for this song and his lyrics are amazing too . blackmore throws togethor and a great arrangemant and solo aswell to make this maybe the best track on the album . 7.if you do n't like rock n roll - 8 / 10 kind of cheesy lyrics but a good track and it sounds more like an elf track . 8.sixteenth century greensleeves - 10 / 10 great song ! a real classic as dio puts togethor another great fantasy song . blackmore 's riffs is brilliant and his solo is full of bends and shredding . 9.still i 'm sad - 10 / 10 well the version with vocals is much than this instrumental version but this version is brilliant too . the live version off on stage however with dio 's vocals blow it away . i still wonder why there were n't any vocals on this . the band is ronnie james dio - vocals ritchie blackmore - guitar gary driscoll - drums mickey lee soule - keyboards , piano , mellatron craig guber - bass 2 
music pos 244.txt to be honest i ca n't think of a word that can explain the emotional link with this album apart from it being the most beautiful sound i 've heard . for me listening to this album makes me feel emotionally confused but absolutely complete at the same time , never before has an album stopped me in my tracks as firmly as this one . my favourite songs on the album are " the only moment we were alone " and " six days at the bottom of the ocean " every time my ears are blessed with these artworks i 'm am fixated on nothing else but them . i literally cannot communicate with anyone or anything i just have to listen to them intently . this album is not as experimental as " those who tell the truth shall die those who tell the truth shall live forever " but i feel it is just as good and the songs are put together impeccably well , with no song being neither longer nor shorter than it has to be . i love the pure , clean sound of this album and see it as light as the wind . the trance that this album provides is indescribable ; i 'm not saying if you buy this album it will have this exact effect on you this description is merely from a personal note . either way i strongly recommend this band and album to anybody who is looking for a purchase , for you can have no doubt that this album is extremely well produced , written , recorded , thought out and sounding . buy it , you will not regret your choice one bit . 
music pos 757.txt this album was released in the summer of ' 86 when queen 's radio airplay was at a rather low point in the u.s. and at a very high point in europe.by now , the band had adventured into pop genres beyond rock , yet colouring their songs with their distinctive style of interpretation and playing.here we find the gorgeous ballad one year of love and the catchy friends will be friends.the ominous anthem who wants to live forever and the highlander themed princes of the universe are gems in this crown.the first two usa singles , the rocker one vision ( from iron eagle ) and the danceable a kind of magic barely cracked the us top 40 in a decade when alternative music was preferred and classics were often overlooke 
music pos 665.txt i love this album but the other review from anonymous is wrong . this cd is not remastered . i baught this cd because of that review and got burned . the cd even says right on it aad . in other words analog recording / analog master / digital playback . i will say this much though , the transfer is better than mca 's version which i own . however , if you want a remastered version of the song monster look to the " all time greatest hits / original recording remasterd " cd from mca . it also has move over from this cd , i love this cd and want it remastered . if you gotta have this album ( i do ) than this version sounds better than the mca version 
music pos 658.txt hands down , a 5 star , two thumbs up , classic joint . after it dropped , puba reigned supreeeme . disregard the amazon reviewer , there are no " gaffes " in this one , period.. . these guys were true to their beliefs . they were n't packaging a product for " pop " consumption , they were telling a generation what they thought . check it out and the music will speak for itself . the best track in my opinion was " wake up " , but the whole album was great . as someone else mentioned , fast tracks put it in the 90 's but most of the tracks are relevant sound as good as ever . 
music pos 578.txt this album is essentially a fusion of great musical minds . the legendary khan payes more attention to making this a better experience for the western audiences of the sufi music by playing more with his ( brilliant ) vocal skills then with the lyrics . micheal brooks ' music stands out and enhances the experience further . this is not to say that the mainstream indo-paki audience wo n't enjoy this album ( this is one of my all time favs ) . it is fabulous background listening while doing work which may need focus - for those who need music to do such things.. . : ) for those who have been thinking of testing out sufi music , this is the place to start . this is a fine introduction to the great nfak and sufi music . 
music pos 857.txt i have listened to this cd for the last several years before going to sleep at night . i love classical music , and this is great music to help make my soul feel at peace and unwind after a taxing day . 
music pos 157.txt this was the first punk-o-rama cd i listened to , and boy i was not dissapointed . most of the songs on this cd are the type of punk i would listen to , quite fast and energetic . the best song on the cd has to be either nofx - bath of least resistance ( nofx being the greatest punk band of all time , of course ) , or beatsteaks - let me in . i heard the beatsteaks for the first time on this cd and there absolutely bloody excellent . obviously , the cd is made complete with songs from the descendents , pulley , pennywise , dropkick murphy's . the only let down on this cd is noise conspiracy , there song on this cd , well plainly sucks i 'm sorry to say . but overall this cd is one hell of a good listen if your into punk . that 's all , oh yeah , buy it ! by 
music pos 471.txt i can only say that this was my favorite record of last year . this record is hard to find in your local record store , so search it out.. . incredible - ca n't wait to hear more ! 
music pos 147.txt i bought this recording along with blood on the tracks recently and all i can say is " doggonit " it do n't get any better than this . they called elvis the king but bob dylan must be the " wizard " . who will tell us great stories when he is gone ? 
music pos 548.txt this is one of his older cds , but one of my favorites . the music is smooth and wonderful to listen to . great cd after a long day or to play on a special night 
music pos 391.txt i bought this cd six months ago because i am a miami vice fan . i did n't expect it to be good , but it is wonderful . & quot ; in dulce decorum&quot ; is incredible ! this is a hard-to-find cd . you will love it ! i enjoy it more with each playing 
music pos 349.txt i bought this out of a cut rack for $3.99. it sat in my cd tower for at least 5 years before i ever really listened to it.i could n't stand the way it sounded over my stereo and i came close to trading it.i brought it to work and put my headphones on and it sounds like a completely different album.i really like the whole experience . i 'm lucky i brought it up here-it was going nowhere at home but i 'm playing it a couple of times a day over my headphones . i do n't know anything about this band , i bought it on a whim , but i 'd reccommend this album and i may follow up on this band 
music pos 696.txt one ca n't go wrong with this one . a classic , which according to the well written liner notes was recorded 3 days after opening night . and , a pit orchestra that sounds like a pit orchestra...before the days of electronic music 
music pos 298.txt i 'm only giving this 5 stars because the actual recordings are priceless . however i 'm telling you now . do not buy this album this is stolen goods and the recordings that are on this cd are not even of the finest quality . this is purely a commercial album released by the record company without the permission of jack off jill 's members . and thus they recieve no royalties for the selling of this album . fear not though . you can get the tracks off this album completely free and in better quality . agent moulder of jack off jill has remastered and released them on her website for your downloading pleasure . you can find them here : t-c-r.net / jojmusic while you are there check out and support her new band tcr , and their new album ' the chrome recordings' . singer jessicka also has an amazing new band if you did n't already know . check her and scarling . out at scarling.com god bless jack off jill . 
music pos 533.txt 1990. it dose n't seem like that lond ago . when a barley known mariah carey stuns the world with a powerful 5 octave voice that hase n't been heard since minnie ripperton . she made her appearance when she signed on to columbia records after the now forgotten brenda k . starr , whom mariah was a backup singer for at the time , gave tommy mottola a demo tape of her songs and the rest was history . now about the album . the album starts off with her first single " vision of love " a powerful song that spent weeks atop the charts and made mariah a star . you can feel the suspence as mariah builds up to the bridge and gives the world their first hearing of her beautiful 5 octave voice . truly to this day , still one of her best songs . " there 's got to be away " changes pace from love to world issues that are still relevent today . this was released as a single in the u.k. ( it was n't released in the u.s. for fear that it would break her string of four number one hits ) yet it failed to chart . " someday " is the next song and was the albums third single . it too hit number one in 1991. this song is great to hear after a breakup as mariah warns an ex-lover that " the one you gave away will be the only one your looking for . " this song may seem a little out dated now as it still has some heavy 80 's synth beats . " i do n't want to cry " was the albums fourth and , in the u.s. , the last release . it too hit number one in the summer of 1991 and within a year mariah had a whopping four number one hits under her belt . something that will not be accomplished for a long , long time . though mariah has declared her hatred for the song as she fought over the production of the song and was dissatisfied with the final product , the song still has all the work of a great mariah song and it is the only song that mariah does not hit her famous whistle register with . " vanishing " , though never becoming a single , is probably one of the best mariah recordings . a gospel like song with amazing vocals over a pounding piano is enough to make anyone think their in heaven . though the song is spookey enough at the chorus when she softly coos " swiftly you 're vanishing , drifting away . " it has also been called a " hidden treasure " by many reviewers . " all in your mind " is another song that realy showcase mariah 's vocal capabilities . though this is one of the few songs that sound dated , but definatly worth a listen . " alone in love " is a song that is soft and pleading would make anyone run back to mariah . truley a mariah great . the next two songs , " you need me " and " sent up from above , " really are the weakest tracks on the album and do bring down the feel of the album . they also sound dated and are not the style in which mariah is famous for . still , every mariah song is worth a listen , so go for it ! " prisoner " is a truley a great mariah tune . though this has a rock influence as well , she does a great job with the vocals and the lyrics stay insode your head . this almost became a single in the u.s. but mariah finished her new album quicker than originaly planned . " love takes time " truly will have a place in my heart . every time i hear this song it takes me back to 1990 , almost like a little time machine . putting this song on her first record almost did n't happen , as mariah har intended it to be on her next record . though tommy mottola and other executives persuaded her to . the style is not that different than " vision of love , " where it build untill the brige where mariah lets off her signature high note . this was also the second single of the album and became her second number one in late 1990. though music box , daydream , and the emancipation of mimi would go onto break records and are considered some of mariah 's best albums , there is no way you can leave this one out . this album truley is the one that started it all . to this date it has gone 9x platinum and made carey into a star and would be the start of years and years of great music from the voice of this generation . though this album was heavily criticized for being to similar and formulaic to paula abdul , janet jackson , and especially whitney houston , it still ranks as one of the best albums of the 90 's and of all time . for some people this album may be a time capsule of 1990 and for others who are now expiriencing this music for the first time one fact will always be true . this is one of the best debuts and albums ever and was the start of a simple long island girl named mariah carey , who became a superstar . 
music pos 267.txt i 'm a bit surprised by the negative reviews , this cd is amazing . it 's not anything like soundgarden or audioslave - but it 's amazing none-the-less . every song on here is beautifully written , and , as always , cornell 's voice does n't disappoint . it 's different , but one of my new favorite cds 
music pos 545.txt " the essential jimmie rodgers " is highly recommended for any serious country music fan . if anyone is the genuine article , it is jimmie . listeners will recognize some old favorites among the tracks including " frankie and johnny " , " mule skinner blues " and " t for texas " . there are also fine versions of " waitin ' for a train " and " in the jailhouse now " though some may prefer jerry lee lewis ' version of the former and the webb pierce recording of the latter . the most interesting tracks are less well known . these include " my old pal " , " my old sunny south by the sea " and one devoted not to a mother but a father ( ! ) - " daddy and home " . for this reviewer , the album hit its high point on the final track , a mournful " tb blues " , a reference to the disease that took jimmie 's life at 35. while jimmie 's yodeling style may not be for everyone , this reviewer considers this album a safe bet . keep in mind that jr was elected to both the country and rock and roll hall of fame . further , the " essential " series of albums rarely disappoints . these almost always sponsor well - produced compilations of our past heroes best efforts . " the essential jimmie rodgers " certainly falls into that category 
music pos 654.txt if you are a fan of the winter 's solstice series , than you will enjoy this cd , especially if you like the earlier volumes with the more original pieces rather than mostly traditional christmas music . 
music pos 885.txt i dug the soundtrack better than the film.the music sounds good through out.if the film had have just focused on the music it would have been incredible.the musicianship is solid here 
music pos 248.txt i ca n't even begin to say how much i love these albums ( i just picked uyi 1 to write my review for both ) . everyone always says that appetite is guns best album...no way in hell . the illusion albums are so much richer . now do n't get me wrong , i love appetite but it is more of a party album with cool guitar work and catchy tunes . the illusion twins are just so much deeper lyrically and have many more styles woven in and out of a hard rock framework . i can identify with so many of axls lyrics , and the music just makes them stand out so much more . slash is basically the best hard rock guitar player ever , and he has more awesome solos and leads on these albums than most guitar players have in a career . and the best part about these albums is that the lesser known songs are usually the best , such as : locomotive , bad apples , dont damn me , the garden , pretty tied up , coma , civil war , get in the ring , breakdown , estranged ( kind of popular but still fairly unknown ) 14 years , bad obscession , dust n bones , dead horse , and more . then of course there are the hits , dont cry , november rain , knockin on heavens door , live and let die , you could be mine etc. the only songs i dont really like that much are my world ( wtf ? ) and shotgun blues , but everything else is just so gdamn good . do yourself a favor and go buy these albums if u consider yourself a hard rock fan . the illusion albums are art , plain and simple 
music pos 64.txt one of the best doobie collections out there " greatest hits " lives up to its name focusing on the singles the band recorded and that charted in their long career . some of the songs here are the single versions ( meaning they were edited and are shorter than the album versions ) and this might be a problem for some fans as they may want the full length versions of songs . maybe it 's because they were trying to squeeze more music onto the cd . either way fans may want to be aware of that . in fact even on the boxed set we get " listen to the music " , " nobody " and " rockin ' down the highway " in their single incarnations . perhaps its because that was the way fans originally heard them on the radio . either way , fans looking for the full length versions of these songs would do well to pick up one of the import " greatest hits " collections or wait for the remastered cds coming out later this year . this set does have one track not on the boxed set- - " without you " a great rocker . the cd booklet is exactly like the larger booklet that comes with the boxed set just laid out a bit differently . this definitely covers the highlights of the band 's career whether it be the tom johnston rockin ' years , michael mcdonald 's blue-eyed soul stage or the band 's reunion phase this has a bit of it all . personally , i would love to see a two disc distillation of the band 's " greatest hits " with a second disc of album tracks such as " i cheat the hangman " , " losin ' end " , " the captain and me " and " how do the fools survive ? " . in the meantime this single disc compilation will have to do for most fans . the sound is terrific pulling from the remasters produced by bill inglot for the boxed set . detail and clarity is remarkable and puts the previously issued " best of " pair to shame . this is the only place to get their singles from their first in 1970 " nobody " to their last ( when this compilation was put togetherin 2001 ) " dangerous " released in 1991. 
music pos 83.txt a very proud and highly recommended production , it 's a real pitty this cd is not available , i still have this one as a precious thing , i hear it all the time as well as i want . nobody will forget jeff lynne as an excellent musician , ever 
music pos 91.txt i love these albums . get all 3 cause they are great 
music pos 820.txt one of the great metal albums of our time . from the drumming to the guitar alls that can be said is amazing . 
music pos 582.txt very good piece of music history . i still like the lp 's sound a bit better then cd 's due to some of the characteristic noise flaws but unfortunately lp 's do not play in the car . 
music pos 446.txt building a library of oldies to listen to just would n't be complete without this album . 
music pos 535.txt this truly is a masterpiece of pop music . there is not a wasted moment . the songs all blend together majestically one after the other . you really must listen from beginning to end to get the full effect . i agree with the reviewer that stated that ' do n't look back ' is one of the best songs i have ever heard . i told a colleague that my heart melts when it plays . i do n't mean to be gushing but this album stands apart . i had to put it away for awhile because it is somewhat addictive . 
music pos 19.txt a friend loaned me her cd and i absolutely loved it......but i could not purchase it anywhere.....my daughter suggested i contact you.....results , results ! ! ! ! thank you ! a most outstanding seasonal soft listening cd 
music pos 612.txt this is one of his best cd's . you really have to listen to the words on the cd , he takes you to whole another level . he is one of the best r&b singers ever , just close your eyes and listen to the song " maybe " and think of that special place for you and your lady 
music pos 801.txt studio album released in 1971 , by the original band-a real band with alice cooper , neal smith , dennis dunaway , michael bruce , and glen buxton . i think the other band members ( apart from cooper ) , got the short end of the stick . this album , along with these ' love it to death ' , ' billion dollar babies ' , and ' love it to death ' are so vastly superior to ' his ' other albums . the band plays and writes really well together as a ' real ' band . case in point , listen to ' dada ' from a few years later-dreadful ! just wish he had kept a proper band together , even if he fealt that they were not as musically good as some of the late session musicians . rock is about feel , more than technique in my opinion . i ca n't even listen to ' dada ' or 
music pos 929.txt this is a difficult album to review . people either embrace it or pass it off as an overproduced , overblown waste of their time . however , i can say that this is my favorite oasis album . why ? that 's a very good question...maybe because be here now was my introduction to oasis , and i could tell that this band had a lot to offer , even through the drug-addled , overproduced songs that seemed to last forever . each one is very catchy and has an overall feel-good quality to it , two characteristics of most oasis songs . it 's no use comparing be here now to morning glory or def . maybe , because it 's in a whole other ballpark . this is oasis going totally over the top and pushing their music to the limit . no doubt that all the coke helped with that . it 's my firm belief that morning glory and def . maybe were and still are great albums in their own rights . be here now is just something else , you either love it or hate it . it has it 's own little oasis category . i can see why it never really lived up to its two famous predecessors . there are some valid complaints about this album , though . one , it is very very overproduced , filled to the top with snarling buzzing guitars and who knows what else . unfortunately , this makes it hard to listen to with earphones for very long . two , the songs are astonishingly long at times . all around the world , while an excellent song , clocks in at around 9:20. i believe that the shortest song is i hope , i think , i know , coming in at 4:23. so you know you 're in for a long , wild ride . however , only oasis could pull this off - making ridiculously long songs that are almost ear-numbing to listen to - and every minute is made enjoyable . all the arrogance , coke , and swagger in these songs is perhaps what makes it so appealing to some people . and of course , there 's that small note on the upper left-hand corner of pages 7 and 8 in the booklet that proclaims : " the beatles are quite good , but oasis is much better . " and so a resounding yes to all of these : overproduced , arrogant , drug-induced , staggering , amazing , excellent . i do n't care about the negative things , though , because that 's what makes be here now a sucess in its own right . 
music pos 958.txt ....and secured their musical legacy . the real thing was a solid rock / rap mixture with newly hired mike patton providing vocals . on angel dust , patton had a lot more creative input , providing his wonderful vocal stylings and schizophrenic persona to faith no more . it 's a joyous ride that after a less than stellar performance initially , has become something of a cult classic and favorite among many newer acts - and with good reason . this album is all over the board . land of sunshine reads like a list of fortune cookies ( which is the supposed inspiration ) , while caffeine is an anthem for patton 's drug of choice , and one of fnm 's most energetic recordings . then there is the occaisonal oddball track showing patton 's range and sense of fun , like rv , which is like a melancholic rant from the stereotypical figure you might find living in an rv . not exactly bilboard material , but fun . adding to the record were the internal tensions of the band . jim martin was having creative differences , yet pumps out some of his best work here . tensions may have fueld a more agressive record , and fnm would never sound better than they do on this album . it 's the bands chemistry - both good and bad - that make this album work . commercially , this might have not been the hit the record company wanted , but its legacy can still be heard today and it 's still a great record to crank up for a drive , barely showing its 15 year old age 
music pos 148.txt having read some of the reviews here i just thought i should mention that for those who enjoy punk rock music rather than the sameness of most emo music these days they should definitely check out this band ! while the singer ( conor oberst ) does have that emo voice so familiar to many other bands , he utilises it well and his conviction can be heard throughout ( unlike a band like taking back sunday ) the music is uplifting without being soppy or sentimental , the lyrics are refreshingly different from most punk-politics band and do n't come across as just the singer throwing a badly worded hissy fit . if you want to feel sorry for youself go listen to bright eyes , if you want to do something about it listen to desaparecidos 
music pos 776.txt beres has done it again . this is a great cd . i can actually say that enjoyed all 19 tracks 
music pos 769.txt this is the type of music to sit down , relax , put on a pair of headphones and let it absorb your concious . from spacey sounding electronics to soft vocals over piano to heart pounding rhythms to skittering percussion...this is just a taste of what is supersilent , and from what i hear it is all improvised which blows my head clean off . all this coming from someone who has never heard them before...talk about a great buy ! highly , highly recommended , i close my eyes , to awaken among the cosmos traveling without a tangible body , drunk with the infinite beauty , i sigh without a mouth and think. . 
music pos 980.txt while not every song my be my favorite , they really did a great job compiling the popular and favorites from the great 80s hair band days ! all the monster cds i have bought have been real gems . 
music pos 390.txt with all the recent praise heaped on smile , orange crate art still remains largely under-recognized and under-appreciated . sure , smile was supposed to be this grand copelandesque landscape of america , from plymouth rock to the grand cooley dam . but for my money brian and van dyke parks did it so much better with orange crate art. having written , what everyone unanimously agrees to be the most california of all anthems , fun fun fun , i get around and california girls , brian turns his attention to a california not of hot rods and surf , but of sun drenched valleys rich with citrus and vine . here wilson and parks celebrate and pay homage to the likes of jack london and john steinbeck . and if all this were not enough , we 're treated to my hobo heart , a latter day van dyke parks / michael hazelwood masterpiece . there 's also the lovely palm tree & moon , a dreamy little ode to a moonlit beach , territory not unfamiliar to brian . and summer in monteray is so unabashedly nostalgic it would even make clint eastwood blush . if you have n't become familiar with this so very underated collection yet , you really ca n't call yourself a brian wilson / van dyke parks fan until you give this one a fair shot . you might even find yourself humming sail away or hold back time while in the shower . i know i did 
music pos 889.txt alvin lee is a genius with a guitar . nowhere is this more evident than in his mastery of the blues . he was and is a great rocker , but his true calling is as a bluesman . this is a great album 
music pos 814.txt this is the first cd i 've bought in the liquid mind series , but after hearing this one , i 'll buy more . the music is calming and soothing ; great to fall asleep by which i often do . it lulls you into a peaceful state of relaxation , letting your mind drift away from the cares of the day . it makes me think of floating on a cloud . i would highly recommend this cd for anyone with a busy , stressed-out life . 
music pos 363.txt i have a few hundred surf cds and i would have to say thet this cd is my favorite ! my next favorite is their new cd called " headin ' out " . they have the reverb and the composition that just makes all of the songs fantastic . if you like instrumental surf you will love this cd ! buy it you wo n't be sorry 
music pos 355.txt i saw midlake at festival recently and had never heard of them . the live set was strong enough to convince me to order some albums and i 'm now a solid fan . the opening track , roscoe , reminds me a bit of adrian belew , a bit of xtc and a whole lot of midlake themselves . it 's like suddenly realizing how coldplay should sound . the music is layered and atmospheric with a bit of an eels feel . midlake is definitely their own band , for all the influences i 'm throwing out . they make the sort of music that feels old , like your favorite album you lost long ago . try ' roscoe ' or ' young bride ' for an indication of their style . if you like either of those , you need to buy the album . 
music pos 187.txt this is the jacksons second album for epic and producers gamble and huff . it would be their last with gamble and huff but together they made a great album that doesnt get the play it should . music 's takin over , different kind of lady and do what you wanna are great , catchy dance tracks . the real greatness here lies in the ballads where michael 's voice is in peak form . even though you 're gone and find me a girl are classic ballads . so good , i feel that find me a girl is probably the best michael jackson song you 've never heard . this is probably michael jackson 's most overlooked album and its one of his best ! the jacksons all sing together great and you can see why destiny and triumph were such big hits after this one was recorded . overall , great ballads , catchy feel good dance tracks , and michael jackson singing his heart out . get this , you will not be dissaponted 
music pos 69.txt what a great album this is , not only is the music a real pleasure to listen to , but the lyrics are a hoot ! wayne is not afraid to experiment , he skillfully combines old school elements with new in such a natural way . the songs pull you right in as if your listening to an old favorite you have n't heard in a long time . this album instantly became one of my favorites . i bought two more to give as gifts . 
music pos 192.txt tom delonge is at it again with a new band and a new album . even with being accompanied by the lead guitarist from boxcar racer , angels and airwaves managed to have a completely different sound . they dropped the more punk rock tone of boxcar racer in favor of an emo-alternative style of rock . the first released single " the adventure " is quite enjoyable and even though i have n't checked too deeply into it , i think it 's the theme song for nbc 's studio 60. besides , how can you go wrong with an album that 's gone double platinum in the uk and gold in canada 
music pos 325.txt oh ! boy ! how things have change..years ago i invested thousands of dollars in a killer dvd-audio / super-audio multichannel surround system.this was done to capture the glory of the state of the art music mastered in the wide frequency response of 24 / 192khz.example ..donald fagen " morph the cat " dvd-audio disc..this dics captures the dedicated genuine glory of dvd-audio multichannel done superbly.today we have the so call bonus dvd audio disc packaged together for one low rediculous price only to be disappointed with the amature quality of the 5.1 mix.if you are an audiophile like me and know the difference between the dedicated dvd-audio disc sold between $14.99- $29.99 and the so call bonus dvd disc...you will understand why iam so irritated at this new phenomenon.today most good recievers can play back stereo recorded music in " all channel stereo / multichannel stereo surround which sounds superior to the so call dvd 5.1 disc.the stereo version of the beatles love album is worthy of my expensive system and is highly recommended 
music pos 335.txt this was the second tribe album i bought i was gonna get this cd before i got the low end theory but they did n't have it at the best buy i went to . i like this cd a lot but i like midnight mauraders more because phife got some more rap time and i like phife a little more than tip . most people like tip more but i like phifes style a lot . all like all the songs but the most is luck of lucein , afterhours , foot prints , i left my wallet in el segundo , bonita applebum , can i kick it , rhythm , go ahead in the rain , and description of a fool . man i pratically like all the tracks but the most remeberable . i wish they were still going to make another cd but its just tip coming out with another solo cd . the only complaint is that phife was only in a couple songs . this is one of my favorite rap albums with the jazz and r and b mix with the lyrics which makes this a absoulte must have for any hip hop fan is part of the tribe classics . 
music pos 185.txt ( in reference to another review ) - the symbol on the cover of still is the factory records logo , joy division 's record label . since i 'm in the area... . i 've owned this album for about 15 years and it still sounds , in parts , as solid as anything joy division ever did . some of the live stuff is so-so but studio tracks like the kill , dead souls , exercise one , they walked in line and something must break are damn near worth the price of admission alone . if you already like joy division , thereby showing good taste , this is a great album . if you find yourself slowly descending beneath the black cloud of depression , unknown pleasures should fit . if you have been there and find yourself wanting out , closer is the soundtrack . this album is more varied in mood , for established fans and safer for household pets 
music pos 401.txt -unique -highly artistic -creative -more credit to drummers -beatifully polishe 
music pos 348.txt wonderful cd the music brings back a lot of childhood memories ! a must have for those who are looking for a cd that includes neil diamond 's top hits . 
music pos 866.txt sensational is a word i 'd use to describe singer jesse mccartney . good looks and powerful vocals . he 's talented and sweet . if you have n't gotten a copy of his latest cd ' right where you want me ' , buy it today 
music pos 151.txt when i first purchase this album the first time . it was exceptional then and it still is . exceptional and gifted group these ladies rule the early 90's . some of my favorites free your mind , my lovin , it ai n't over till the fat lady sings , just to name a few . envogues voices all of them work masterfully together they way a head of their time . as far as female groups they rank 5 stars in my book following such groups as supremes , labelle , tlc the had allot orginiality and appeal that drew people to them because of the voices and their orignal material . they are trendsetters . please go buy this cd . i will buy it again myself . i have the cassette . i need the cd for my collection . i know they came out with a new album hopefully this will be a great album as well . go envogue g 
music pos 293.txt if you do not own this album you must get your hand on a copy . it is the best debut album since definatly mayby . tracks like & quot ; golden touch&quot ; & quot ; v.i.c.e&quot ; well lets just say every song on the album is a bonnifide hit including the banging&quot ; stumbble and fall&quot ; which will have you tapping your toes from the first 2 seconds . if you like the libretines or the others or are just looking for a solid cd this is a must have 
music pos 209.txt this might be the best cd that has come out this year . it may be will oldham 's best cd since " viva last blues . " it may be better than " viva last blues " although these are two different styled cds . " the letting go " has a mostly very mellow sound . almost every song is beautiful . the string and guitar melodies are uplifting . will oldham 's voice is grounding , it is the familiar voice you have heard for the past decade or so . dawn mccarthy 's voice will then again lift you up . mccarthy 's voice is a fantastic companion to oldham's . other singers / bands have tried to use a female voice to echo or accompany the lead vocal and it has often become irritating . this is not the case with " the letting go , " mccarthy 's accompaniment adds so much to the album but without taking away from oldham . i have n't listened to a will oldham album since " ease down the road . " this makes me want to go back and listen to those albums i have missed . one song in particular , " the seedling " ( i believe ) has a different sound than the rest of the album . it has a harsher sound , but is still a good song . this is a great introduction if you are new to oldham or if you are returning listener . 
music pos 497.txt dope cd..im a huge spice 1 fan..this cd is off da hook...check out immortilized and bossalini cds...those are dope quality cds..i have over 600 hip hop cds in my collection..and i do n't really express my fealings on amazon unless its worth it..i love hip hop till da day i die...and spice 1 is one dope smokin hip hop lyracist...tru dat...plus im from da old school..nwa , pe , rakim , boogie down , naughty by nature ( 1rst cd ) , big daddy kane , old school jazzy jeff and fresh prince , old school ll...naw mean..wor 
music pos 379.txt this soundtrack cd is the perfect compliment to the visionary film- -cater burwells score is a pitch-perfect aural equivocation of the profound sadness and blithe absurdity on display , with his sense of minimalist suggestiveness and rich textural instincts shining bightly.also an added bonus of the above-mentioned dream combination- -bartok 's & quot ; allegro&quot ; ( i know diddly about classical music , but bartok rocks ! ! ) , and a typically great bjork song&quot ; amphibian&quot ; ( in two versions ) , that book-ends the album with an etherial , dream-like haze 
music pos 31.txt i was waiting for this cd for a very long time , i mean i love all greg 's album , they are intense , passionate , but amber headlights is giving me back the soul of the afghan whigs , somenthing i missed a lot for a long time . i love his voice , the way he sing , the way he loves his music . you can t explain the beauty of this cd , there are great rock-blues-love songs:the first time i heard " so thight " it makes me jump up and down my room ( i haven t done it for long time since black love " going to town " ) , then cigarettes ( what a great song , this time i only remember i was singing the chorus with " gentleman " in my hand ) , then " domani " that in italian means tomorrow , kind of greg 's jazz slow song in which his voice is so low that you can t even try to sing like that.then song after song i realized is the best cd i ever bought after so many years . if you don t know anything about afghan whigs and greg dulli then it is time to start to listen one of the best alternative artist of our time . 
music pos 188.txt hayley westenra , at only 18 years old , is an enchanting voice we should be hearing from for many years to come . this is an uplifting and at times , spiritual album that shows shades of greatness . throughout , westenra 's voice is captivating , though the musical scores are at times , sub-par and do not equal the vocal talent . there was an advertising tag on this cd that stated " the female josh grobin " , but i think a more accurate sentiment would be " a young sarah brightman " . odyssey is a fine mix of spiritual and operatic tunes , all of which match up well with westenra 's abilities . bocelli fans will also appreciate the duet , dell amore non si sa . they pair up for that one song , but the rest is all westenra . this is smooth , soothing and easy listening . if you like brightman , you will truly appreciate the voice of westenra . 
music pos 68.txt michelle branch carved out a place for herself in the young female pop singer market serveral years ago with a brilliant debut and a successful if derivitive duet with carlos santana . this record is her first with friend jessica harp . the ladies mine the borderline between the singer / songwriter and country genres for quality songs that should fit well in the americana format . highlights include the opening track leave the pieces , way back home , the good kind , and the title track stand still look pretty . of special note is the presence of producer / multi-instrumentalist john leventhal on many tracks . i recommend this record for folks who like songs that do n't sound like formula country 
music pos 981.txt first of all i 'm a die hard ufo fan , i own every ufo album not just the michael shenker cd's ...some of you fools reviewing the ufo albums without michael ..1 ) do the band a disservice 2 ) are smokin crack , and 3 ) are very inept in your musical judgement . while i 'm a huge shenker fan he is far from the greatest guitar god , and i hate to break the news to ya 's but for overall sound / effect and appeal paul chapmans just good as michael on many a song . that bein said making contact is one of the top five ufo albums made ! ! ! ! the top five ufo albums any fan should get are ( phenomenon , lights out , no place to run , making contact , and walk on water ) along with the two live cd 's bbc , and strangers in the night . misdemeaner has some cool 80 's guitar and is an attempt at mainstream ( and they deserve to be mainstream ) so who can blame them , and some of these songs are pretty cool...if , i might add if you have an open mind ( so that excludes most of you shenker diehards ) ........... 
music pos 164.txt this cd is supberb ! ! absolutely fabulous . i received it timely and have enjoyed listening to it over and over again . all my deslings with amazon thusfar have been outstanding . thanks , amazon laura rig 
music pos 831.txt although each track is beautiful in it 's own way , it 's their sum that makes this such an incredible album in my mind . where felt mountain remained rather mellow and etheral thruought the entire album , black cherry offers more in the way of diverse melodies and tempo . the tracks seem to be placed specifically in a way that makes the album feel like a journey , and , personally , like a lay 's potato chip , not able to listen to just one....yeah , i need the whole thing. . 
music pos 933.txt about the band : dead can dance is considered the seminal example of the ethereal or heavenly voices genre . in fact , the name of the label , 4ad , which carried many of the 1990s dcd releases , is sometimes also used to describe this genre of music , which is a fusion of subtle electronics , vocals , drums , world music , and a near limitless count of instruments . brendan perry sometimes has been described as a gothic frank sinatra . lisa gerrard 's enchanting vocals are often sung in a language only known to lisa . i count myself among the many that hold these two musicians in the highest esteem . about the album : compared to more recent albums that are loaded with bonus tracks , the 50-minutes of into the labyrinth would seem short , if it were n't for the fact that i like to listen to this album over and over again . i count this album as one of my all time favorites , and certainly my most prized dead can dance cd . one of the nicest things about this album is that it features nearly equal amounts of both lisa 's and brendan 's ghostly vocals . on some tracks they accompany each other , while others feature only one of the artist 's chilling or mystical sounding vocals . simply put , this is beautiful music to relax to . i honestly give this album my highest recommendations ! two tracks i 'd recommend sampling : " towards the within " ( featuring lisa 's vox w / brendan backing ) and " tell me about the forest " ( featuring brendan 's vox ) . i believe they best represent the range of songs you can expect with this album . please note that while all the tracks feature vocals , the lyrics for only those sung in english are included in the liner notes . similar artists : chances are if you are n't yet familiar with dead can dance , that you 've not yet discovered some of these other bands , but i highly recommend them as well : das zeichen , impressions of winter , love is colder than death , qntal , corvus corax , or helium vola . there is a rather large ( and somewhat underappreciated ) range of artists still producing heavenly voices music that is similar in quality to dead can dance . please check some of them out as well . 
music pos 693.txt all of the isleys early work without the younger isleys is just as good with them . but these early workouts are more raw-stripped down and pop-oriented . ron isley has a way of making country , and rock remakes sound like they were never before recorded . not too many black artists can do that . to get a taste of the & quot ; real isleys&quot ; before the & quot ; mr. biggs&quot ; persona , get this with & quot ; get into something&quot ; , and & quot ; givin ' it back&quot 
music pos 101.txt this is jewel 's first cd and i enjoyed it especially foolish games and you were meant for me . i ca n't wait for her latest 
music pos 312.txt for any seasoned fans of the waifs ( or anyone out there with a predilection for folksy girl duets sporting brilliant guitar skills and voices to boot ) , ' shelter me ' will be no departure - -and no disapointment - - from what you 've heard before . the album weighs heavily on the waifs accoustical appeal . the majority of the songs carry themselves without backbeat or excessive instrumentation - - mostly it 's just the girls , their guitars , and the usual , typically wonderful songwriting that comes from josh cunningham , the third member of this stellar folk ensemble . the title track ' shelter me ' is a gorgeous , magnificently charged piece that will leave you reeling , " take me now where shelter be / before there 's nothing left of me . " vikki 's final track ' spotlight ' is a pure gem , emotional and raw but utterly beautiful . ' attention ' finishes the album well with that familliar waify energy and pulse , almost blue grass , almost country , but totally wonderful . 
music pos 895.txt the original jack johnson lp was my favourite miles record . i also had an expensive japanese cd but all this would not prepare me for what i discover here . over these cds one discovers the original sessions from which the record was made . this is simply wonderful . ok sometimes it takes quite a bit of patience to sit trhough all this but it is worth the time 
music pos 487.txt the music intelligentia probably wo n't like james morrison 's new album because almost everybody else will love it . bourgeois = uncool . however , if you just listen and feel this album , even if you have snobbish tendencies , it will move you . enjoy this amazing new album . i am 
music pos 952.txt i first heard dan singing background vocals on the jackson browne album " late for the sky " . i was 16. i went out and bought this album ( which i still have ! ! ) even though i had never heard it . i had the pleasure of seeing dan open for the eagles at the spectrum in support of this album in phila , in 1974 ; i was a junior in high school . they all joined in on " best of my love " and it just blew mw away . he had this really interesting piece of cloth on his piano . few people had heard of him prior to this album . this is by far his best album . it is more rock and roll than the rest of his sappy later work in the 80 's and a true songwriting gem . i can remember singing " morning sky " in my friend 's ford on the way to school . you have to listen to it over and over. . " someone 's been tellin ' you stories " had a sly sexual rhyme in it that was not played on radio at that time . the musicianship on this album only serve to enhance the quality of the songwriting . this was the most raw of dan 's albums , and by ar , the most superior . sadly , dan is now fighting advanced prostate cancer ( check out his website ) . let 's hope he will make a full recovery and record and tour again soon . this is a must have for anyone who is a fan of any 1970 's rock and roll . 
music pos 90.txt the more i listen to this album , the more i love it . what 's sounds somewhat familiar even formulaic at first becomes totally captivating on further listening . like a girl you thought was nothing special at first glance but then becomes beautiful as you get to know the complete package . this is one cooooool cd . 
music pos 682.txt i ca n't believe the harshness of some of the comments on this album . not a lot of in between among the notices - - those that hate are mean and heartless . very hurtful . lousy counterpoint to her warmth . i do n't think they understand that she does n't have to lose control to be meaningful and touching . take her as an original instead of as a mimic . what do i hear ? i love her lush voice on this album and fred hersch 's brilliant piano accompaniment . bill frisell is very good , too . i love jazz & pop as well as opera . ren ? e fleming can make it any of these genres . these songs are very much her own interpretation . they are ' deeper ' than what you 've heard before . even if i prefer nancy wilson or eva cassidy singing " you 've changed , " ren ? e fleming sings it warmly and beautifully , in her own style , and very touching , too . she 's not carried by full orchestration , mostly just fred and her . i was going to write that " my one and only love " was especially good , but as the cd kept playing , i must say that they are all especially good . enjoy 
music pos 28.txt rap music today is a tragic lack of creativity . its not real hip hop . this album , brings back the good feeling that is real hip hop . honestly , the light is a song that never gets old , thats real . if you do n't have this album , get it . 
music pos 402.txt this cd has alot of tight hits including : nann by trick daddy and who dat ' by j.t. money . there are too many good songs to name for this cd , those are the biggest i like and i like all the others too . i can practically just listen to the whole cd without stopping it , which usually never happens with other cd 's b / c u buy it for about 3 good songs and all the other songs are junk . but this cd has all the hip hop hits that it proclaims . i suggest anyone looking at this review or cd , to buy the cd . it 's worth it , definetely ! one last word is that you will have no regrets buying this cd at all i think in my own opinion.i am from st. louie and i am telling ya 'll to look out for a new group called nelly also , there hit single is already out & quot ; country grammar&quot ; and cd soon to be out . get that when it comes out to . peace out ya 'll 
music pos 327.txt i love this pretenders album and chrissie always rocks but i love the songwriting skill of billy steinberg & tom kelley . they wrote " love colours " , " night in my veins " and the hit " stand by you " . her follow-up to this , " viva ! el amor ! " also contains three tracks written by them . i purchased this long after its release and was glad i did . steinberg kelley write memorable hooks and good lyrics with interesting chord changes . something not all big names can do on their own and chrissie wisely is aware of this . 
music pos 234.txt trace adkins has set them up and knocked them down once more ! can trace ever produce any music that sounds bad ? his low deep bass voice continues to tickle our ears and the message of the songs he chooses to put together on cd continue to proclaim loud and strong that he loves everything in life from his dog to his woman to his god ! i strongly recommend that everyone has trace 's latest cd in their collection ! a big ten-four in my cd player 
music pos 478.txt bo diddley is one of the most underrated rock and roll artist . such gems as & quot ; bo diddley&quot ; & quot ; say man&quot ; and & quot ; who do you love&quot ; are just the tip of the iceberg . add in the blues , like & quot ; i 'm a man&quot ; and you have a truely outstanding set . the set also includes a very informative booklet that includes a bio , pictures and discography . do not settle for less than what is offered here 
music pos 730.txt trip hop and lounge lovers need to have this cd at home . bajo fondo tango club is not as pure tango as piazzola 's nor as chill out percolated as gotan project 's , which makes them a band for all publics . nor even one single person in my office could n't help download at least one song of this cd into their ipods . three of them already bought their copy 
music pos 493.txt this is the first of alison 's album 's that i bought , many years ago.....i 've watched her career blossom.....she was an unknown when she recorded this album but in my opinon , it 's her best ! true bluegrass , beautiful voice , wonderful music ! i 've had the opportunity to see her and the band in concert several times and their music never leaves me disappointed 
music pos 369.txt blue note was on the mark to re-release this classic . tina brook 's style of blues laced jazz is a sound that will bring joy to your soul . a must have cd for any jazz collection 
music pos 702.txt adios marks the real goodbye from kmfdm . after they went on to do mdfmk which was decent and then they came back . attak , was really weak because it was all sascha and skold and though i like them both , the absence of gunter schulz and en esch really made this album absent in itself . wwiii though it is a better and pretty decent album , kmfdm is still a little less present . adios gives us the remnants of what kmfdm fans know as kmfdm with skold present but not taking over completely ( though i like skold , but we need a break ) we saw nina hagen lend her voice in " witness " which is amazing , along with ogre from skinny puppy in " that 's all " and " full worm garden " great tracks a little bit of pig and schulz 's insane guitar riffs and you are all set . even though en esch was very minimal in the recording , infact i barely remember him.. . currently working on " fubar " , we 'll see if kmfdm will impress again , they have it still , they are just not using their talents as of late , c'mon sascha , you 're great man , but get over yourself and get schulz and esch back.. . bring back kmfdm.. . what would skinny puppy be without cevin key ? what would ohgr be without ogre ? what would foetus be without thirlwell ? c'mon man. . bring us back kmfdm.. . 
music pos 698.txt the relaxation set is just that , pure relaxation . i love the active relaxation cd . i can read or work and i am real calm , on an even keel , feeling like when you go to sleep at night , not quite asleep and not quite awake . i also enjoy the water and the piano playing . highly recommended 
music pos 136.txt john michael mongomery is back with a big bang . this album is one of the best to come out this year . it 's better than that of travis tritt , alan jackson , and kenny chesney . the song i wanna be there is one of the most touching songs since alan 's where were you . he mixes the soulful ballads , with his country rockers , and sweet love songs . this is vinatage jmm and should be bought by any true country music fan 
music pos 301.txt this is one of my all-time favorite cds . i loved all the songs on this cd except one . my favorite is " black girl pain " and it should be an anthem and inspriration for black women all over the globe . i had the pleasure of seeing talib in concert a few months ago in atlanta and his live show was even better than his cd . true hip-hop lives 
music pos 631.txt yeah , johnny must 've been drinking heavily during this recording . it 's evident in his slurred lyrics...it 's raining is the song where he sounds totally wasted , although you can get the sense that he is infact quite happy and very relaxed . but all this inebriation actually adds to the authenticity of this c.d.- -- - johnny winter really becomes the archetypal bluesman on this c.d. his guitar work is quite sparse , no long solos on this one but , nevertheless , the feel on this album is wonderful . i have to say this also..johnny must 've been very , very brave to release this album back in 1977. that was a very bad year for the blues , appalling infact...disco music was king . alot of bluesmen , like johnny guitar watson etc were opting for the commercialism of the disco dance floor . johnny might 've thought of releasing a commercial type rock album , like edgar was doing . instead he chose to stay faithful to the blues and i have to admire the determination and resolve of johnny winter . very few would 've stayed faithful to the blues . the last track with muddy waters ..walking thru the park...captures johnny in his element . he was so happy back then and it filters over into the song itself . i remember seeing them both do this song live at the capitol radio festival , alexander palace , london / england in july 1977. never again to be repeated , sadly 
music pos 887.txt great cd for young and old alike . the music puts a smile on your face each time you listen to it . i have it on in my car and it keeps me in a good mood at all times 
music pos 404.txt as a collector of musical scores , i thoroughly enjoyed this selection . it is rated as one of my favorites . but i must warn that if you do not like instramental style music , then this is n't for you . but if you are then this is a must 
music pos 65.txt okay bryce nickelback yells not screams big difference and wtf sum 41 your kiding right sum 41 does not scream at all and you say " i like music " well you dont know any thing about music and another thing you poser is that limp bizkit is not metal they rap so how can you say that they scream all the time...limp bizkit is the worst band out their they give a bad name to music itself and as for you dont write anymore reviews until you know more about music wich with the information i just got from you that will take a long tim 
music pos 998.txt with engines of creation , joe satriani did what he has always done : make the most of the tools he chooses to use . only this time , he uses electronic beats and soundscapes as the canvas on which to express his skill with the guitar . it would be easy to give this one listen and wonder where the guy who wrote " satch boogie , " " war " and " flying in a blue dream " went . well , he 's still here , only more than ever he 's showing us his incredible command of his instrument by being able to create sounds that so perfecly reflect what they intend to convey . i 've never heard robots having sex , but i 'm willing to be " borg sex " is n't far off . and although his calmly passing , sometimes noodling melodies appear to have little structure , that 's kinda how you 'd expect to see " clouds race across the sky . " the ' chorus ' to " devil 's slide " sounds as sinister as its name suggests and " attack " is as close to a musical sci-fi battle as i 've ever heard . to top it off , the album includes " until we say goodbye , " one of satch 's best ballads in his entire catalogue . if you 're willing to put a little more mental energy into appreciating the work satch put into this album than just waiting for the album to rock your socks off surfing with the alien-style , you 'll find that there 's an incredible amount of depth - - and musicianship - - to be found . it 's not a satriani masterpiece , but its a true testament to the man 's enduring creativity 
music pos 659.txt my roomate from two years ago had a cd of doris ; and i must admit , at first , i was a little skeptical . but soon i became stunned by her vocal prowess and the emotional heart juice that she brought to these classic songs . plus , you should see her in a football uniform ! man can she catch the pigskin 
music pos 142.txt this cd has tons of power , and soothing energy . it really shows off how well part understands the human voice 
music pos 40.txt i 've gotten a copy of this cd for every friend i have so they can know what i 'm talking about when i crack a random joke . my mom even loves it and she would not be considered the ' target market' . for mitch check out his first cd , if you can find it in stores , if not , go online 
music pos 428.txt ac / dc is the greatest band ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this cd has my fav song on it rock n roll damnation i luv both eras , bon scott and brian johnso 
music pos 159.txt gun 's & roses came out in the nick of time . record companies were mass producing cookie cutter bands and they all sound the same . g&r made their debut on the music scene in 87 but did n't get big until almost late 88 early 89. appitite is a true masterpiece . welcome to the jungle , it 's so easy , mr. brownstone , my michelle....the list goes on and on . put it in turn it up to 10 and rock on ! the they made a mistake . they realeased an albums worth of great songs on 2 albums . so instead of another masterpiece they wound up with 2 ok albums . then they vanished . anyone who is a fan of the music but could n't care less about axl should pick up velvet revolver with slash and scott wieland from stone temple pilots 
music pos 798.txt nobody captures the spirit and essence of a city at night like new york city 's own ultrablue . the group is the brainchild of keyboardist / producer john smatla and jazz guitarist dave stryker , who bring in an nyc all-star cast of players in addition to their impressive band ensemble to create a sophisticated and evocative musical mood . ultrablue is the latest outing for ultrablue , and the first release on 215 records . the project drips of chill , smooth jazz , and rich , rhythmic textures that will keep the project in replay mode for a good while in your car and home players and on your ipod . special guests include singer / saxophonist pete belasco , trumpet / flugelhorn player randy brecker , female vocal group , allure , flutist nestor torres and brazilian vocalist gabriella anders . from the sexy saunter , " guilty pleasures " and the spicy and sultry , " indiscretions , " to the scintillating " soul candy , " ultrablue provides such a cool groove and flow that it really does lend itself to be the perfect soundtrack to a night out or in ( for that matter ) . pete belasco is featured on the sensual cover " the summer knows " while nestor torres livens things up on the groove , " jungle fever , " and the delicious gabriela anders delivers an alluring vocal on " destiny . " the project 's first single , " shiver , " is already attracting radio airplay from coast to coast.. . we expect big things from ultrablue on this and all of their future releases . this is the new standard of smooth jazz . ~sandy shor 
music pos 421.txt this movie was a favorite in our household and my daughters always enjoyed the karaoke a the end of the dvd , so we searched for the soundtrack . i actually chose this volume over volume 1 for two reasons...it contains the favorite from the movie , " i want to grow old with you " actually sung by adam sandler and secondly , because volume 1 contains the song that adam sandler sings about his ex-girlfriend , which contains quite a bit of profanity , so i did n't want to get it for my kids . i would have given it five stars , but we find the introduction by billy idol at the start of the last track , " i want to grow old with you , " which is dialog from the movie , to be distracting and it gets tiring to have to listen to over and over when you just want to hear the song , which i mentioned was the absolute favorite 
music pos 525.txt as a kid , out of the blue was one of the first albums ( actually , 8-track ) i paid for . that decision was made after hearing " sweet talking woman " as a single , and after i bought it , the album grew and grew with me . every few weeks , a different set of songs stuck with me as memorable . the first few weeks , it was " sweet talking woman , " " turn to stone , " and " mr. blue sky " ( all pop perfection ) ; the next few weeks , it was " wild west hero , " " across the border , " and " jungle . " after three months , there was n't a corner or edge of the album i did n't know and like . thirty years later , the remastered cd finally comes around and , through the fan club at [...] ( which i heartily recommend because of their labors of love ) i bought this and balance of power ( review coming ) . i have to say i was a little scared to put this on again after all this time as my tastes of music have evolved and the label of " pretentious " has been placed on them by my 16 year old son ( a prog rocker , nonetheless ) . a big sigh of relief- -the cd holds the same joys it did before . the moog synthesizer riff by jeff lynne in " turn to stone " still pumps the heart , while " sweet talking woman " and songs like " wild west hero " and " jungle " still delight . but i 'm amazed at how things like the " concerto for a rainy day " ( four songs including " mr. blue sky " - -still the brightest jewel on this album ) still hold together , and songs like " stepping out " and " sweet is the night " step up to dig their hooks into you even today . while the remastering is very good and makes some tunes step up ( " across the border " ' s horns beg you to crank them up ) , there are a few drop outs ( " night in the city " has a couple ) , and of course , my tastes probably do n't translate to everyone . but , my 16 years old has given the album a careful listen , and he has n't returned it to me yet- -i imagine for the next few weeks i 'll still enjoy listening to " out of the blue " from downstairs for a few more weeks. . 
music pos 576.txt what a wonderful and diverse cd . sit in front of a fire on a rainy day with a nice glass of oregon pinot noir in your hand . close your eyes relax and let the sounds of liebert surround you . his talent is evident in the expressions as he 's playing . the guitar seems an extension of his own form , not a separate instrument . 
music pos 161.txt digressing from their first 2 albums , transmutation ( 5 stars ) and sacrifist ( 5 stars ) , praxis unleashes metatron . trimmed down to a 3 piece with laswell , bucket and brain covering all bases , metatron lacks bootsy 's space bass , yamatsuka eye 's agonizing screams or john zorn 's out of tune saxamaphoning , but it still rocks . track 1 is a laid back acoustic # and is absolutly beautiful . the album lacks the speed of some of sacrifist 's songs but makes up in phat grooves . half of the collection cd ( again 5 stars ) is from this album , but with nothing from transmutation , hmmm . instead of going further ill ' say this... . get this album at alll costs . burn copies for friends and spread the gospel according to praxis 
music pos 657.txt in many ways , this album is everything one would have expected- - somehow the natural successor to " no pussyfooting " and " evening star " . in other ways , its nothing like i would have expected- - the usual stamps of fripp and eno 's recent work seems to be missing . its really quite hard to largely identify the identity of the musician generating the sound on much of this material , there 's obvious stuff ( we 'll come to that in a minute ) , but as a rule , the backgrounds could be either of them . sonically , it moves through a number of backdrops , with delicate , percussive , synthish loops dominating the early part of the record ( " meissa " , " lyra " , " tarazed " ) , wheras the middle of the record feels more like their old collaborations updated , the sort of modern fripp soundscapes being more apparent ( " lupus " , " ankaa " ) . the remainder of the album features on track that is totally unexpected , the downright funky " altair " , with its train shuffling rhythms , drum loops , and funky guitar ( in ways similar to material from the eno / schwaum " drawn from life " record ) , and the closer , " terebellum " , is an aggressive , haunting , and almost angry sounding piece almost reminiscent of " radiophonics " or the other more aggressive soundscapes . over this material , fripp largely solos using a variant of his legendary fuzz tone- - its a bit mellower , and rounder though , similar to his leads on " starless " and " the power to believe part ii " but in a more hushed feel . so that tells not much , the real question is , what 's it like ? largely an ambient affair , the collaboration is what you 'd expect- - there 's no real incindiery moments here- - do n't look for a " baby 's on fire " , but it is comparable to their previous collaborations in quality , and it certainly sounds nothing like crimson . some of it is full of delicate beauty ( " lyra " ) , some of its just a blast ( " altair " ) , some of its actually quite hard to listen to at all ( " terebellum " ) . for fans of ambient music , especially the work of these two gentelemen , this one will be quite rewarding . it falls short somehow of being a masterpiece , but it is really a great record . recommended 
music pos 52.txt i was at the brighton concerts that these recordings were mostly taken from and as a reminder of two stunning nights of music they ca n't be better . standout tracks include the two by martha wainwright , the two by teddy thompson , perla batalla 's " bird on a wire " , rufus ' " chelsea hotel " and ( from the sydney concert ) antony 's " if it be your will " . two major disappointments though ; the inclusion of u2 as backing band for leonard cohen 's own version of " tower of song " seems done for purely commercial reasons and does n't work , and the nonsensical ommission of linda thompson 's sublime take on " alexandra leaving " . here 's hoping it 's included on the dvd release 
music pos 897.txt anais is one of the best cingers . i have seen her since objetivo fama , and she is just great . do n't listen to people who say this cd is bad because the are just hating . this cd is just great 
music pos 384.txt i 've always written how the american now compilations do not even come close to the british ones , and my opinion has not since changed . now 20 's track list , however , is solid and pretty good for the american series . it has mostly good rap songs ( which can be sometimes rare in this series ) , great rock songs , and not an overload of mediocrities . i 'll go in depth . 1. missy elliott feat . ciara & fatman scoop - lose control...a a great rap song - missy elliott has a great style and her lyrics are actually understandable and enjoyable . ciara is a nice addition to the song . fatman scoop 's random screaming in the background was n't essential , but it at least adds some energy to the track . the music 's actually interesting and something different from everything else . 2. black eyed peas - do n't phunk with my heart...c+ their first album was stellar , and their second is as well . but this was one of the worst tracks on " monkey business " and did not deserve to become a single . annoying , but not horrible . 3. pussycat dolls feat . busta rhymes - do n't cha...a - a really good rap song - busta 's rapping is a good addition to the song , making this radio remix better than the original on the pussycat dolls ' album , " pcd " . a dangerously catchy chorus elevates this song to a pretty high grade . 4. rihanna - pon de replay...b+ pretty catchy , and a good party song . but it gets pretty irritating after a while . and the " dip it low and you pick it up slow " from the first verse directly copies from christina milian 's " dip it low " . that 's so unoriginal , rihanna ! 5. ludacris feat . bobby valentino - pimpin ' all over the world...b good music , but it 's not much without the video , which was , by the way , partly shot in africa . 6. bow wow feat . ciara - like you...b bow wow 's returning to the rap scene was really unneeded , but ciara 's chorus makes this song better than mediocre . 7. dem franchize boys feat . jermaine dupri , da brat & bow wow - i think they like me ( remix ) ...c this song does not deserve the publicity , and i 'm stunned why people like this . it 's worse than mediocre , it 's horribly irritating . and much of the song is bleeped out because the original is so dirty . rap just is n't rap when it 's edited , and this song is proof . but even without the editing i do n't think this song has a chance . annoying " yep " s in the background and mediocre rapping...just skip it already . 8. destiny 's child - cater 2u...b - mediocre for destiny 's child . actually pretty boring . but they have great voices . 9. lyfe jennings - must be nice...c+ mediocre . 10. natasha bedingfield - these words...a a great " new " artist who actually found success with this song a year earlier the us . great songwriting about bad songwriting ( if that makes any sense at all ) and a good voice . now i 'm just wondering when her brother daniel 's going to release another " if you 're not the one " . 11. kelly clarkson - behind these hazel eyes...a - the only american idol who earned over twenty minutes of success , kelly 's finding massive success with her second album , and for a reason - she 's got an awesome voice , and pulls off rock quite well . this song was brutally murdered by the radio , but that 's why i 've moved onto the remixes ( not on this album ) . 12. d.h.t. - listen to your heart ( unplugged version ) ...a though furios f.ez 's hard trance remix of this song is a lot better than this unplugged piano version , this amazing cover of the roxette track deserved all the fame it got . edmee 's got a fantastic voice and this is a perfect song for her . beautiful song also . 13. backstreet boys - just want you to know...a - the backstreet boys ' newest album must have been the #1 most unwanted comeback of all time ( let 's just hope n*sync does n't follow...*cringe* justin timberlake ) , but this is their best song . and this comes from someone hard to impress by the backstreet boys , but they pull off this rock song pretty well . 14. click 5 - just the girl...a a really good rock song which many can relate to . 15. franz ferdinand - do you want to...b atonal , but franz ferdinand has a good reputation , so i 'll let it slide . but this is definitely evidence of a sophomore slump . 16. weezer - beverly hills...a+ unfortunately it was flattened , torn apart , and buried alive by the radios , so i will review it as it was still last summer when i first heard it . this song is amazing and the chorus is way too catchy to believe . but i do n't need to write this , as most people already know . 17. fall out boy - sugar we 're going down...a an amazing song , but it 's only good if you can put up with songs where you ca n't understand what they 're saying . seriously , it took approximately six times looking up the lyrics to actually realize what 's being said here . but the music is great , and this song overall is a pretty good rock track . 18. lifehouse - you & me...a - an instant classic . 19. coldplay - fix you...a+ i 've read mixed reviews about this song , but personally , i think its amazing . following a vaguely similar buildup as led zeppelin 's " stairway to heaven " , this song just keeps you listening until the end . the rockout part at the end is magical . 20. keith urban - you 'll think of me...b it 's somewhat annoying that keith 's been on now albums consistently for a while but his songs are n't as popular as , say , gretchen wilson . i 'm starting to think keith 's been put on these albums not for popular songs but just so a default country artist could be there . a good song , but it could 've been replaced with something better in the country department . so overall , this is a great selection of songs , some amazing , some decent , and some mediocre to bad . i 'd suggest you buy this , as it 's a good list of tracks . overall , this album gets a b+. 
music pos 762.txt another great album by firehouse . my favorites are reach for the sky , when i look into your eyes , and hold your fire . i have other favorites , but there are my top 3. i have a story to go along with this album , ladies and gentlemen . see , i was heading to cross-country one day , for the huge " group 2 " meet . ( there 's a section , and 5 groups from every section make it , and there were four sections , so you can make the calculations ) . i listened to this album , having a bad day before , and having a bad night of rest . listening to this album , i got a river of positivity , and i had a great start and a great finish . i ended up smashing my last personal best in cross-country . basically ladies and gentlemen , this cd has alot of effect . get it . i love to review things . have a great day 
music pos 969.txt this music is undefinable ultimately . oh yes , one can say parts sound like hard rock or progressive . one can say many things about it . for me , this , along with " up the downstairs " are probably their two best and they are both as different as night and day . i 've become a collector of pt 's stuff and like most of it very much indeed . check out some of the side projects of the members in the band- -like blackfield and no-man . they are worth good listenings too . but , you know , this would n't be a bad album to start your pt experience with . no , not at all 
music pos 457.txt this cd is a classic , a must for all those who loved the movie . i wondered if i would get a crackling type of sound , but it is as crystal clear as the movie sound . this is perfect for those who want to practice the songs for a " sound of music " event or a singing class ! 
music pos 49.txt nothing at all like boy-band cds ( insync , backstreet boys , etc like editorial compared it to ) . while some of the songs are over-processed and do n't allow clay 's strong , clear , and beautiful voice to shine through enough , it is overall a very good cd . it has some catchy tunes on it . his second cd , merry christmas with love , allows his wonderful voice to shine through even more 
music pos 650.txt better balance of songs on this cd. this cd shows growth in a the band.they are great fun live check them out if you get the chance ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
music pos 172.txt recorded 2001 - 2002. it has become all too common that few are taken to task for saying or doing stupid things . what 's worse is that no one seems to care . this is the kind of thing that pisses lewis black off . the angrier he gets the funnier he is . i first came to appreciate mr. black on the comedy central 's " daily show . " i always felt that there should have been more time devoted to lewis black . i wanted more - i needed more - i had to have more ! so i went to my " mental health club , " amazon.com and bought every title available . the end of the universe , rules of engagement and luther burbank preforming arts center blues - ( i had already purchased the white album ) which one is the best ? all of them ! as i write this review - i realize that i still want more - so i am buying the dvd's . there is nothing dated about this material . in 2006 it is just as - if not funnier than when first released . please lewis keep recording it still is not enough ! casl 
music pos 33.txt for a true christian spirit that glows through ms. winans , you 'll always find her music sung straight from the heart . a precious pearl in the gospel community , " purified " continues in the cece tradition , of lifting our souls to a higher plain 
music pos 951.txt if you enjoyed explosions in the sky 's last album " the earth is not a cold dead place " , and the songs by the group on the " friday night lights soundtrack " , then surely , you shall find love for their newest record " all of a sudden i miss everyone " . if you are new to explosions in the sky , i can only personally describe their music to you as lush , captivating , graceful , energetic , and highly inspirational art rock instrumentations . please ignore reviewers who rate this album negatively because they do n't like it as much as their last album ( yet ) . " all of a sudden i miss everyone " is different than previous records ; it is alot darker , but at the same time hopeful and promising , best listened to on a rainy day or a cold dark night ( again , personal description ) . what more can i say.. . this is about as beautiful as three guitars and a drum set can sound . my favorite album of 2007 so far . 
music pos 719.txt though i am only 33 years old , i grew up listening to bob wills . merle haggard did a great job with this one ( as he always does ) . i got goose bumps listening to it . it took me back to my childhood when i would sit on the porch with my grandfather listening to bob wills . the only thing missing is the scratching of the needle on a nearly worn-out album 
music pos 736.txt this is one of my favorites of 2004. you got a seasoned vet of an mc rockin over some of the illest producers in underground hip hops beats ( madlib , j-zone , dangermouse ) and some pretty nice guest appearances . i have a couple of complaints on this album though , like the song " love thang " , the hook is wack and the beat is corny , another wack hook comes thru on the title track where you got prince po sounding like tonto from lone ranger chanting some indian ish , and on top of that in his rhyme he says some sh*t like " and if the girl farts then she 's a pooter " ? ? ? thats dumb . one last complaint then i 'm done hatin , but the chorus on bump bump is terrible , and i 'm embarrased to bump bump that ish when i 'm in my car because it sounds so wack , but raekwon 's verse takes me back to when wu tang was the untouchable squad they were back in the mid 90 's , which more than makes up for the lackluster chorus . aside from those complaints you got a dope album , j-zone hit this up with some of best beats i 've ever heard from him . so pick this up its definitely a good purchase 
music pos 265.txt i am a big ambrosia fan and i love " biggest part of me " , " you 're the only woman " , " how much i feel " and the newer track " i just ca n't let go " . however , i wish this cd contained all of their billboard hot 100 hits . the cd is missing their cover of " magical mystery tour " ( #39 ) and " how can you love me " ( #86 ) . for the casual listener , this cd is perfect . for the chart hit completionists out there , it misses a couple songs . i bought this cd used for $1.99 , which was a huge bargain for the songs included . for that price , i can certainly try to download the missing tracks 
music pos 595.txt this album / cd rocks ! ca n't stop playing it ! nuff said 
music pos 893.txt nothing deep , by any means , but simply a light , airy listen , with a compilation of quirky tropical tunes . even though the songs ( most of them ) were n't in the movie , they remind me of it , of the whole hawaiian atmosphere . my favorite tracks , excluding the ones included on the previous cd , are blue hawai'i ( by elvis ) , my little grass shack , coconut ( it 's just bizarre , but addicting , making you smile with absurdity ) , island in the sun , pineapple princess , and love me tender . again , it 's nothing dramatic or swirling , but it you adored lilo & amp ; stitch ( and how can you not ? ) and all it stood for , this cd might just bring some warmth into a cold day . do n't think about it . listen and pretend you 're there 
music pos 445.txt this record is one of the best that has found its way out since the new millenium . i am partial to good songwriting and bill 's particular folk-country-alt-emotive sound . the tracks to me all over the place and take it from someone who has been there and back -it was well worth the trip 
music pos 430.txt brubeck and desmond work their special magic here and produce their finest live recording . this is sophisticated improv to tame the beast . i have listened to these tracks uncountable times and i never get tired of them . this is truely a wistful soundtrack to transport one to a higher realm . try this the next time you are caught in heavy traffic on a rainy afternoon . you wo n't mind the delay . it never fails 
music pos 79.txt i got what i wanted in the time frame promised...the way it 's supposed to work 
music pos 48.txt the series of " golden age of american rock & roll " released by ace could n't have a better end . during the past 15 years they have delighted us with a series of 10 cd 's with 30 songs each remembering the rock & roll era mostly with minor top hits between 1954 and 1963. one reason for their tremendous success is the superb quality of all the recordings no matter from what year the original song was . now besides these series of 10 cd 's from the r&r era they have launched another 2 special editions with the same title : one with the special novelty edition and another with the special country edition . both deserve more than 5 stars . the song selection on the novelty edition is just out of sight ! most of the songs brought back memories from a long long time ago since these were n't available after the time they were top hits . i never found them back on what compilation so ever until ace put them all together 45 years later . and with a sound quality better than in their original version on 45rpm . therefore do n't hesitate . buy it together with the country edition and you will have 60 songs for utmost pleasure ; 60 songs we grew up with and now with no scratches on them . 
music pos 450.txt on this album , ice switches to a thrashcore style lovers of the style will go mad about.the songs are mega fast , with furious social lyrics and full of hatred.if you 're into thashcoreand dig bands like ratos de porao , get this one at once.it suffers from some degree of dynamic compression though , but if you can correct that , it 'll blow your brains againt the nearest wall 
music pos 50.txt this is the soundtrack that led me into the wonderful world of glam rock ! it is outstanding and i could just play it again and again... . it is certainly one of the most brilliant albums out there and probably my favourite soundtrack of all time . 
music pos 492.txt this is a great collection of hits from the 70's . it is packed with hits . it is a great addition to a 70 's hits collection 
music pos 979.txt " the guitars are n't loud enough , and neither is the bass for that matter " which is so true , but it 's still a great album . seeing them live , makes up for this cd no doubt . stand out songs : -the city sleeps in flames -the world as we know it -just a taste -my darkest hour -empty glasses -the only medicine ' my darkest hour ' & ' empty glasses ' are my favorites . i know those songs by heart 
music pos 521.txt although a couple of reviews said this was a great product , i was wary as i have never found anything that actually worked . i have a job where my mind is always on the go , and often have a week or two a month where i just ca n't get to sleep . the cd arrived during one of these times , i put it on my portable cd player not expecting too much , and almost imediately felt a bit queazy , nothing too bad , and on later research this basically proves the delta wave theory dr. thompson is working . the only time in the past when i have gone to sleep so easily when i have been out partying all night when i was younger . i play the cd on a stereo i have in my room , and i rarely wake up at all . i am certainly going to buy more of his cd 's 
music pos 523.txt love.this.album . every song is awesome ! this is the kind of album you play over and over because you feel great after listening to it . my favorites are " in a moment " and " know " . half past forever rocks ! 
music pos 778.txt i 've always liked tevin campbell , he had a beautiful voice and really did it on " break it down " . i particularly like break it down , shhh , brown eyed girl among others. . excellent cd overall . 
music pos 827.txt i received " the piano " promptly , and in pristine , excellent condition . 
music pos 835.txt i think his debut had the best lyrics . this joint gets off to a good start with we still party and pretty much bangs till the end . his production on here is best described as " late 90 's roger troutman-esque g-funk " . geust stars like 2nd ii none , amg , suga free and el debarge get their shine on . top joints : we still party ( peter gunz and quik on the track ) quik jacks the verb song from school house rock . ( the jam ) so many wayz hand in hand you'z a ganxta ( quik refutes rumors that he was involved in biggie 's demise . also denounces reference to death in rap songs . ) i useta know her ( should be called i useta hit that ) speed medley for a ' v ' ( the p***y medley ) get 2getha again ( class of 91 , 2nd ii none , amg and quik triple team on this track . ) reprise ( medley for a ' v ) 
music pos 995.txt this is a glorious recording of one of the most lyrical , haunting scores ever composed for a film . each succeeding track is a treat for the ears , refreshing and invigorating . neeley and varese sarabande should be congratulated for recording and releasing this hirtherto neglected gem . in my opinion , though , the only part of the entire cd that does n't work is the beginning of the " waxworks " track - the score to this particular moment in the film ( when norma , watching herself onscreen , rises triumphantly to proclaim " i 'll be up there again , so help me ! " ) is one of the most powerful and recognizable images in filmdom . in the original , the music is strong , powerful and almost spine-tingling , but this moment on the cd is underwhelming and not fully realized . however , what is one misfire ( totalling all of eight bars , at most ) compared to the richness and texture of the rest of the recording ? ! in short , if you love film music , you most likely love the score to sunset boulevard - and if you love sunset boulevard , then you will most likely love this recording , too 
music pos 324.txt o.g. ron c did a good job screwin ' & choopin' . he really gave the rest of tha u.s. a taste of texas ( tha lone star state ) . tha best time to listen to any screwed & chopped music [swishahouse , chamillitary , d.s.r. ( dirty south rydaz ) ] is you are throwed ( drunk ) off that syrup . this was a good thing that o.g. ron c did , choppin ' boyz up & not sloppin ' boyz up. chamillitary man ! ! 
music pos 691.txt no diggity was a monster hit in 1996. if you love this album you will also love michael jackson 's dangerous , which was also co-produced with teddy riley , the lead singer of blackstreet 
music pos 103.txt i 'm just starting to become a true fan of pigpen . earlier , i just did n't get him and i would constantly skip forward to more of the gd extended jams . lately , i 've started to get what he was all about and what made him such an important part of the early dead shows . i 'm glad i picked up this set . it 's pigpen 's night and we should all be happy for this nice memory . pick it up . note : the rest of the band has some fine moments too ! ! 
music pos 586.txt if you like beatles , monkees and the who , then you will like the group that is better than all of them ; the rascals ! " lonely too long " is a sad rock pop painful staple in your 60 's elbow...it hurts...then theres all this other good sh*** here...and i do n't mean groovin ! the harmonys and the killer keyboards and tight drumming in these little pop angry yet cheerful nuggets is where its at ! ...i can remember listening to the rascals intermitently with black sabbath and the stooges...and i realised that above all...i liked my rascals record the most back in 1987 up in that cold lonely bel air gardening cabode ! also known at times as ' the young rascals ' but to me...this band will always be the one from way back in childhood that got me listening to queen and the who later on........its hard to say that they are underrated since in any given conversation , you realise the rascals get tone of respect and people will take over and talk about them ; five stars...buy this thing 
music pos 436.txt the most juiced-up sountern rock around . check out the tango guitar on " too hard to handle " and i always get a kick out of rick 's ole ' man . it 's a shame that there are n't bands like this around today . 
music pos 418.txt wrathchild alone is worth the purchase of this album . its just that darn good of a song . but hey , the whole album is good . the title track is brutally awesome , especially live on the beast over hammersmith cd ( iron maiden box set ) . and murders in the rue morgue is another classic . then there is drifter , and the two intrumentals the ides of march and ghengis khan ( who papa roach would rip off the guitar riff from for their one hit wonder song last resort ) . maybe not as good as their debut album , but still a masterpeice of an album 
music pos 361.txt sam moore 's new cd is a welcome return to the roots of soul . this cd has got it ! sam 's voice is superb and the duets he does with his guests are wonderful . i 'm not a fan of country music so i was a bit fearful of what wynona and travis tritt would do with sam . wow ! are they ever good ! wynona 's got it . i 'm going to listen to more of her now . the musicians are the best ! i thought i could hear that wonderful touch of earth wind and fire on some of the numbers so i went searching the notes . sure enough- -there is reggie young- -the wonderful earth wind and fire trombonist ! go reggie ! billy preston is wonderful on " you are so beautiful " as is the accompanying guitar by eric clapton . this is a musician 's cd- -quality all the way . i have had the great pleasure of seeing sam moore and billy preston in person ( with bowzer 's doo wop party- -thank god for bowzer , bringing back all these wonderful artists ) and they were wonderful . i 'd love to see even more of sam moore . thanks to randy jackson for putting this together . this is a class-act . 
music pos 412.txt wow ! i love this spykids movie way better than the first one . i think of the first one as an introduction for the characters and the sequel is the big adventure for all the cortezes and even more characters , like the giggleses . we met donnagon in the first movie , and he was the reason for the cortez parents to go on the mission . now we see that he has kids and we relize that he has bigger plans for the oss . and what about alexandra , the preisidants daughter ? she is the main reason we know about the transmooker device , right ? also grandma and grandpa cortez are joining us in this movie . i think robert rodregiuz did an execallent job on the sequel , spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams . ... the sequel is awesome ! ! ! ! 
music pos 865.txt this record is a fine example of earnest juju music . other artits have tricked it up some with synths and keyboards . chief commander obe has always managed to offer more traditional representation of juju as it evolved from highlife . keep in mind , this means amazing percussion work , intertwining guitar lines , loving vocals and long well developed instrumentals . if you 're interested , you should buy it . it will make you happy , no matter how you were feeling , and what you 're doing 
music pos 842.txt the coltrane soundscapes that this cd is infused flies to the mountain and back again , that 's the truth , but one troubling question for me remains ; no matter how much i enjoy this fusion incarnation by masters ( new & old ) - where in the world is alan holdsworth ? if any fusion guitar player has the rightful title claim to the coltrane moniker - it 's holdsworth . for years he 's been building the bridge between the good old philosophies and the new world order . including holdsworth would have just been the jazziest thing to do . 
music pos 63.txt this album is incredible . for me this is one of those few albums that defines a time in my life . an album that for months i played over and over . an album that i 've played countless times , that i have passed out to when i came home after a late night , that i have ran to , and worked out to , that i play at work for a pick-me up . it 's great . it 's filled with so much emotion and passion , from beginning to end its just brilliant , the entire album . the songs are composed more like classical music with sweeping scores that start off slow and steady and then build up and explode into these intense jams . i love it . you have to buy this album . then buy their next self titled album . then play it and play it , and play it . it grows on you . i ca n't wait to see them live.. . 
music pos 114.txt i am just writing this review to correct alexander from russia , who cites this album as a christianity peddler . leonard cohen is a jew , who unlike bob dylan ( on john wesley harding ) embraces his sense of jewish heritage and religion within his music . alexander , you 've brought your own interpretation to what is a distinctly jewish artist and his work 
music pos 106.txt i have been a barry manilow fan since i was a teenager . i have never been disappointed with any of his work and this cd is no exception ! he is such a brilliant arranger and the remix of these classics is fabulous ! his voice is as good as ever ! even my 7 year old begs to listen to the cd everytime we get in the car and she can sing all the words ! 
music pos 171.txt i recently purchased this cd again . i once owned it on cassette . keith is a real smooth old school type singer and his music and sound has sustained very well since it was released in the early 90's . if you are building an old school collection with great singers this is a good one to have . it 's great for romance or with that special lady . jaye price beltsville md 
music pos 472.txt i bought this because i thought this cd would be nice to listen to in the car while on out and about . i love that our 2 1 / 2 year old daughter who is from china loves this cd and will request it " chinese flute " please . this is just one way to keep her heritage alive and expose her to different kinds of music beyond the wiggles & lilo & stitch cd . i would have liked to have had more information on the songs like what province of china . but not having this information really does not lessen the rating of 5 stars ! our family thinks this is an excellent cd 
music pos 556.txt ice cube is back for his 6th solo with the peace disc . this may be my favorite album from cube ( close with " lethal injection " ) . his lyrics are much different then his first few albums and the beats changed with tthe times but it 's still nice to hear from cube . with 13 songs , none ar ebad , 5 are ok , 1 is almost a classic and the rest are good . guests are on 4 songs so you still get enough cube to satisfy you . production is decent as well , chuckey thompson & one eye each do 3 songs , puff daddy , younglord , bud'da , battlecat , dr. dre , t-bone and charley bear all do 1 song . a must have album for fans of ice cube . #1 - 8.5 ( f / mc ren & dr. dre - - n.w.a. reunion ) #3 - 8.5 #4 - 8.5 ( f / jayo felony , gangsta from the comrads and squeek ru ) #5 - 7.5 ( 1 minute intro before he raps ) #7 - 8.5 ( nice beat ) #8 - 9.5 ( f / krayzie bone - - nice beat ) #9 - 7.5 ( f / mack 10 & ms. toi - - also on the " next friday " soundtrack ) #11 - 8.5 ( nice beat ) #12 - 7 #13 - 7 #15 - 7.5 #16 - 8 ( good beat ) #17 - 8 o'shea jackson - - b. 6 / 15 / 69 check all my review 
music pos 252.txt like many amazon reviewers , i play a teensy bit of guitar . i know just enough to know how incredible these guys are . this is the best , most exciting acoustic playing i 've heard since al dimeola cut " race with devil on spanish highway " on his elegant gypsy suite lp . watching the del castillo brothers shred on the dvd part of this set will assure that i do n't get anywhere near my guitar for a long time . since robert rodriguez ( desperado , spy kids , etc ) filmed the performances , we get appallingly good , tight shots of the fretwork . people , it ca n't be done . i will henceforth concentrate on harmonica , and try to forget that sugar blue does about the same level of impossibility on that instrument . the songs and playing come from a somewhat traditional latin , mexicano perspective , but the overall sound is more like santana when carlos goes acoustic . the " hidden track " on the cd most overtly shows that the del castillo brothers love their blues and rock almost as much as the latin roots music . this is an obvious buy for anyone who enjoys latin music or great guitar work of any style , but it is more accurate to say that anyone who is not totally averse to this style should check it out . the quality of music here really transcends the genre 
music pos 518.txt like it says in the ( " 33 1 / 3 " ) liner notes : " ...world class chops and originality " . if jazz is your bag and guitar licks get your attention , these tracks will set off fireworks ! my music collection started circa 1960 , but these guys made it to the top of my list in a heartbeat ! if i could , i 'd give it 10 stars 
music pos 699.txt ministry of sound has always had the reputation of putting out the best music . they have a way of findind the best dj 's , artists , producers and remixers from the 4 corners of the earth and bringing them to us on a cd . this cd is no exception . soothing beats without lacking in tempo or energy , this cd could literally be enjoyed by a cowbow from kentucky . it 's just that palattable 
music pos 574.txt this cd is so awesome , it stays in my cd player and i have recently added it to my mp3. 
music pos 7.txt great anniversary present . fav song.. . i love the way you love me.. . my husband loves to listen to it in the car 
music pos 771.txt there have been innumerable motorhead collections over the years , but this is one of the few that attempts to mix old with the new . on this collection , all the classics are present , and some newer material is thrown in as well . unfortunately , there are some throw-away tracks , mainly the girlscool and headgirl tracks . ( to be honest , these tracks are pretty much worthless . ) some live tracks are meshed in and fit well , and the newer songs help to add some variety to the old-scool stuff . i would recommend this collection to listeners looking to get a nice , cheap collection of some of motorhead 's best just for the sake of getting into the band . but if you 're wanting the prime collection of older material , save up some extra dough and buy " no remorse " or " stone deaf forever . 
music pos 484.txt eddie 's first all-studio recording , and the album that got me hooked . i must say that even though they are uncomparably fantastic live , this album demonstrates the range and diversity of eddie from ohio . & quot ; oh my brother&quot ; is a particular favorite with julie murphy wells displaying her amazing range and beautiful voice , and robbie schaffer 's talent for emoting the absolute best of a heartwrenching situation . if this song does n't touch your heart , you have no appreciation for music . a particular plus on this album is a beautiful violin solo of & quot ; yerushalyim shel zahav&quot ; by guest musician pete wilson on & quot ; jerusalem , & quot ; another song by robbie , this time also performed by him . as always , the amazing prowess of this group is displayed magnificently 
music pos 41.txt there are some amazing moments on this record . i find myself freaking out to three songs in a row , and waiting for the fourth song to end . the de la collaboration is weak ; it 's got the great wild-style instrumental but the chorus is obnoxious . some of the more r&b-toned tracks fall flat in my opinion . 
music pos 89.txt this is some great music from a litte know movie . you wo n't be let down 
music pos 875.txt once she has won your heart , you will want this collection to hear how she developed as a performer - - and came to be a great symbol of france in the 20th centur 
music pos 581.txt eloy ( name taken from h g well ` s time machine ) is a german atmospheric , progressive art rock band that was formed back in 1969. through the years , personal wise , the band has totally turned over , in some positions , several times . their originator frank bornemann ( guitars / vocals ) has persevered , presiding over a three decade band , that has turned out some of the best progressive rock music , i 've had the fortune to hear . ocean ocean , their sixth album , released in 1977 , is a concept album , depicting the rise and fall of atlantis . though there are only four tracks , they average almost eleven minutes each . many eloy aficionados point to this album as their ` tour de force' . it is excellent , but as far as i 'm concerned , based on what i 've heard so far , there is no album that stands heads above the others . overall , ocean has an atmospheric ambience reminiscent of hawkwind or a more unknown band that i once reviewed named ship of fools . it also reminds me jeff wayne 's , war of the worlds . track listing 1. poseidon 's creation ( 11:38 ) **** has a long droning medium pace and a whinny guitar intro . at the 4:40 mark , bornemann finally begins the vocal . there is quite a lot of guitar playing on this song , augmented occasionally by the synth . 2. incarnation of the logos ( 8:25 ) **** has an atmospheric vocal beginning . the song does n't seem to have much of a melody until the 3:40 mark when the synth / organ takes over with a pleasant one , assisted by some percussion and a bell now and then . 3. decay of the logos ( 8:15 ) *** the shortest song at eight minutes seems a little jerky at first with more monologue than music . when it does get going after about three minutes it 's still jerky in a medium paced beat . strong synth playing through the middle . 4. atlantis ' agony at june 5th - 8498 , 13 p.m. gregorian earthtime ( 15:35 ) ***** this is a monster song . it is like nothing i 've ever heard . except for a fifty some second monologue at the beginning , " atlantis.. . " starts with a truly intriguing eight minute plus instrumental intro . not just any intro , like you 're used to , with a full orchestra and violins . no this is an spacey atmospheric intro that would make the great pink floyd , envious , with the propitious use of ghostly sounds and special effects segueing into an amazing five minute organ bridge , with no beat just the hammond a few side effects and you . no it does n't get boring . instead it sets you up for the vocals , which issue forth at about the eight minute mark . slowly the rhythm section establishes a slow beat , while the singer does a great imitation of bob dylan , with a remarkable spacey synth breaking in between the vocal . but we 're not done . with about two minutes left , the band picks up the tempo to a medium fast tempo ( the first time i ` ve heard them play at this speed ) . now the violins join in with the guitar and synth for the finale of this great finale . total time : 43:53 line-up - frank bornemann / guitars , vocals - klaus-peter matziol / basses , vocals - jrgen rosenthal / drums , percussion , flute - detlev schmidtchen / keyboards , mellotron , xylophone , voice - the boys of santiago / chorus ( 1 ) conclusion one of the factors , i find appealing about this band , is that in the span of three decades , they managed to present a style of music which was compatible with each era , so listening to their albums from different periods gives us a window into the progressive music of various time periods . eloy 's musical tempo almost never exceeds medium and on ocean tends to be more in the medium slow range . listening to this and other eloy albums i hear influences from numerous other bands . like many prog bands i hear pink floyd but i also hear uriah heep , moody blues and bob dylan ( really , on track four ! ) 
music pos 353.txt i 'm biased , because i loved the movie and adore the book . gregson-williams does an outstanding job here ( before this , i was most familiar with his score work on metal gear solid videogames ) . the music is extremely touching and magical . the " evacuating london score " ( from the scene in the train station ) tugs at the heartstrings . and the " battle score " brings back the images of the dynamic battle at the movie 's climax . one song that 's missing is the 1940s jazz song played in the movie when the kids are playing hide and seek . other than that absence ( probably due to copyright restrictions ) , this is an excellent cd . as for the " bonus " dvd - i probably would n't purchase it if i had a second chance . it 's got some nice gallery art of movie stills and concept art . there is only one trailer , and it is not the very first one released , which opens with the kids at the mansion and really gets the blood pumpin ' with its intro of the wardrobe . there are also behind-the-scenes interviews i have n't watched yet , but i wonder if they 'll appear again when the movie dvd is released . 
music pos 717.txt great music , great band . this is a must buy . recommended to all hard rock lovers 
music pos 221.txt i wore out my tape of cypress . afoot is great , but cypress is amazing . i bought this while stationed in the army . there were n't too many " new wave " tapes available at the px , and i was n't going to listen to def leppard or bon jovi . so i bought cypress . one of those rare tapes that i bought 20 years ago and still listen to every few months ( the jam 's snap and setting sons , and the smith 's hatful of hollow are 3 other tapes i never tired of ) . get this cd . get it now ! it is great . thanks for reissuing it . 
music pos 282.txt first , i 'd like to say that i am so glad there are artists like amel around who are n't trying to fit in with today 's commercial r&b scene . as a long time fan of r&b and soul music i ca n't help but feel sad and dissapointed at the direction the genre is taking , especially in regards to female singers . she may be beautiful , but she does n't need to use her looks to overcompensate for any lack of vocal talent by flaunting herself . amel has a beautiful soul , and you can hear that through her wonderful voice and lyrics . every song on this album has at some point or another touched me , some songs straight away while others grew on me slowly . you know how sometimes when you 're listening to music and a particular lyric or vocal piece makes you shiver ? amel 's got that down for me . i was firstly introduced to nusoul by teedra moses , someone who i 've admired for two years now , and who to me seemed one of the few decent r&b singers left . through teedra i stumbled on amel 's " bravebird " and became more and more curious as i listened to the album over and over . like with most nu / soul , the love i have for each song grew slowly , and songs i thought were n't for me suddenly became my favorites on the album . i love that about amel ; she makes me suprise myself , as i become emotionally involved with her music and voice over time until i 'm enchanted . " for real " hit me instantly as a beautiful song . i never get tired of it 's cute opening where amel 's daughter babbles something in baby talk ! i 'd love to talk about each song individually , but i 'd probably just bore you . to me amel 's music is a personal experience , and most likely strikes people in different ways . i will mention however , " congo " - one of the songs on there i was tempted to skip at first but has fast become something of an obsession which crops into my head throughout the days , with it 's monotonous jungle vibe . other personal favorites include " we can be new " , " say you want it " , " all i got2 " ... hell the whole album really . along with other outstanding artists of the nu-soul genre , amel has succesfully metamorphosised my taste in back music . trust me , you 'll never go back to commercial r&b again 
music pos 753.txt live alive is good enough to buy in my standered's .....i really think this was recorded poorly but the songs on it are really good if you play it in your car , or on bigger speakers so you can really hear everything much better . their are many good songs included on this complination of live performence 's spanning from performences from montreux jazz festival , austin opera house , and the dallas starfest . this recordings are all from 85-through 86. jimmie vaughan appears on willie the wimp , love struck baby , look at little sister , and change it playing guitar , and string bass . i think the worst song on the entire complination is voodoo chile ( slight return ) which is kind of weird for me to say because i think that was truely the best song stevie ray played live but in this case its not . other than that i really think for what it is it 's a average live performence . 
music pos 594.txt this cd was beautifully sung by the cambridge singers , a boys / mens choir , mostly a ' capela . it 's the first christmas cd i 've bought that really tempts me to crank up the volume so i can revel in every note 
music pos 46.txt these guys are the best group out right now . every single rapper is amazing even bizarre who is not great so far as flow but probably has the funniest lyrics . this album brought me some of my favorite songs to date including sh*t can happen , pistol pistol , ai n't nuttin ' but music , american psycho , fight music & revelation . my favorite rappers are swifty & eminem but the fact is every one should have a solo album out by now ( besides em , only proof ( r.i.p. ) & bizarre do.. . which are my least favorite rappers in the group ) every song is great even the skits are enjoyable . if you do n't have this yet , you are missing out on one of the best cds ever 
music pos 18.txt this has to be one of the most beautiful cds ever recorded . damien 's vocal range is vast ; his musicianship excellent ; but it 's the crafting of songs at which he truly surpasses most artists . haunting , sensitive , flowing , crashing.. . ( if i have one criticism , it 's the mixing levels - at times , his vocals are drowned . in concert , when he lets rip , you really feel the power of his vocals / music , which , unfortunately , does n't come over quite as well on the album . ) a truly magical album . 
music pos 900.txt this album is the shyit , cougnut and c-fresh deliver , the only problem you might have with this album is figuring out which one is cougnut and which one is c-fresh , but as you listen you will tell differences . & quot ; back in the days&quot ; is real old album , so audio can be bad for a couple of the tracks but there isnt a weak track on this album . the beats do n't get too bass heavy untill & quot ; hillary&quot ; after that song the next 4 tracks or so are very bass heavy , but the flows are tops . these guys are the definition of gangsta , and is a must for anybody who likes gangsta rap . all guests are sick to , dre dog , cellski , chewy , r.b.l , 2.2 and mack and al kapone . definetly a classic 
music pos 600.txt in 1976 , my fair lady returned to broadway , in a revival touted as the " 20th anniversary " production . perhaps most famously , this particular revival was the first big professional splash of a young soprano called christine andreas.. . at long last , this much sought-after cast album gets its cd premiere . christine andreas is one of the best eliza 's ever captured on disc , and ian richardson 's performance as beleaguered tutor higgins is full of wit and humour . george rose ( in a tony-winning turn as eliza 's dustman father ) is very enjoyable in his main numbers " with a little bit of luck " and " get me to the church on time " . jerry lanning also makes for a fine freddy , with the winsome " on the street where you live " . this recording also features the " embassy waltz " sequence , which was never included on the obc , and only featured as a bonus track on the reissue of the olc . the production itself heavily recreated the original production , complete with oliver smith 's sets and cecil beaton 's costumes . hanya holm 's choreography was revived thanks to original dance captain crandall diehl . christine andreas picked up a theatre world award for her breakthrough performance . the show opened at the st. james theatre on march 25th 1976 , but later moved to the lunt-fontanne theatre where it closed the following year after 377 performances . the following year , andreas returned to broadway in another important revival , the 1978 production of " oklahoma ! " in which she made a thrilling laurey ( cast album available on rca ) ; before cememting her position as broadway 's ingenue of choice , with the role of frankie frayne in the 1983 revival of " on your toes " ( cast album available on jay / ter ) . more recently , she played marguerite st. just , in the original company of frank wildhorn 's flawed " scarlet pimpernel " ( cast album available on atlantic ) . i heartily recommend this particular my fair lady 
music pos 916.txt i do n't see how they can compare these guys to the mars volta or coheed and cambria . i can hear the prog elements but it 's more of a rush kind of prog rock , shorter 3 minute songs compared to 12 minute epics . they are missing the one thing that would make them a true prog rock band : the songs just are n't as epic as a tmv or a c&amp ; c song . i think reviewers liken brazil to these other bands because their singer has a high pitched singing voice . this is still an amazing album that is well worth your time . go into it expecting sparta rather than the mars volta and you wo n't be disappointed 
music pos 628.txt five stars may be excessive if you judge this cd alongside the greatest classics , but when compared to similar cds within the singer-songwriter folk-rock genre , this beautifully simple and powerful collection really shines . i find myself coming back to this cd more often than to many better-known classics because it has a freshness and originality that sustain interest . the writing , while occasionally a bit awkward , is consistently interesting , honest and moving . the themes of introspection , nostalgia , regret , and defiance are presented in a searingly personal manner . the song " if i were a man " is a rich celeration of the wonders women bring to relationships and the world ; " child of steel " plucks the heartstrings with an achingly wistful delicacy ; and " take my body " is a strong lament about the objectification of women . i especially love the pared-down guitar arrangements ; the simplicity really works with ms. cash 's strong vocals and makes me wish some of my other favorite vocalists would occasionally just get back to basic guitar accompaniments . i 've seen ms. cash perform live and , while she has other hits that may be more popular , this collection reveals her unique brilliance 
music pos 268.txt when my boyfriend bought this for me i was so happy and i remember i would play this music and sing for him in the car on cool dark , starry nights and i would be mesmerized not only by the intensity of those nights , but by the music she sang and how she deeply , richly portrayed those songs . she really knew how to set the mood for any lover or lonely lover as well . i totally recommend this cd to start if you have not heard much of her music...she truly is addicting once you hear these songs...these songs will definetly put you in an enchanting and romantic journey 
music pos 155.txt this is a fantastic album . the fact that 5 star reviews are still being submitted over 10 years after its release ( and they 're not the beatles or u2 or anything ) should speak volumes . i have played this cd countless times over the years and i am amazed that i am not sick of it . i am a pretty constant consumer of new music . get this cd - you wo n't regret it ! ( ps i 've never done an amazon review before , but the fact that this has had only 22 motivated me ) . it is melodic , catchy , uplifting and cheeky - in short , a little piece of musical bliss . 
music pos 794.txt pablo is definitely the babe ruth / moses of these pieces . however , tempo , cadence , clarity , consistency and emotional projection are much better here . starker is at least the michael jordan of the bach suites . -and compared to pablo ( i heard the naxos one ) the sound quality on this disc is the right hand of god . starker is the dog 's balls ; big ones , like a great dane . 
music pos 345.txt i have seen phantom on stage twice and regularly listen to this cast recording . it is a different approach to the classic leroux novel ; one that is gentler and more romantic , but still intense and passionate . the lyrics and music are excellent . even if you are an alw / pto fan , do n't miss this production if it plays nearby . 
music pos 917.txt when this album first came out , i felt jilted . but i recently had an oppertunity to listen to it for what it is and i think its a great album . make no mistake , if you 're a die-hard 80 's rocker , you 'll hate this album . the production is raw , and the songwriting is lean and mean as opposed to elaberate and detailed . but that does n't mean that the musicianship is lacking on this record . if you can keep an open mind , i think this ablum is one that you 'll love 
music pos 166.txt tim mcgraw does it again . it is a great album with some really great songs . a must have 
music pos 853.txt this is a great album . two of their biggest hits , " another one bites the dust , " and " crazy little thing called love , " are here . my favorites are " need your loving tonight , " and " prime jive . " most of the other songs are top notch , too . none of the later queen albums matched this one . definitely in the class of night at the opera , day at the races and news of the world 
music pos 66.txt the sundays come out with a cd once a decade , thus putting me in constant cravings for new material . though camera obscura is very original and very much their own band , they satisfy the cravings that only harriet wheeler could touch . truly vast and intimate at the same time , and a voice that speaks to something very deep , sad and lovely inside you 
music pos 515.txt do i mean the best album or the best singer ? you are correct if you said both ! i saw kristin chenoweth on a pbs show " broadway 's best at the pops , " ( though it was not the first time i had heard her ) and decided to check out the offerings here . this is a collection of the kind of music and performances i love . she has a great range , a precise pitch , and a great style that is at the same time true to the music and to herself . in an era when singers try to outdo each other re-interpreting the composer 's original work , not usually with great success , she is a blessing 
music pos 845.txt the previous review has a few inaccuracies i thought i 'd correct . first off , the beats on all of atmosphere 's albums , including this one , are produced and created by ant , not dj abilities . ant does not perform live , and so slug often used to perform with dj abilities ( and others ) . this may change in the next album as atmosphere now includes a band soon to tour , but it 's extermely likely ant will be included in the production . slug has never been 1 / 3 of atmosphere , he has and always will be the main driving force and only consistent member of the group . even when spawn was a member of atmosphere , slug was still clearly the leader and brains beyond the operation , as evidenced by the tracks on overcast ! , all of which were dominated by slug . yes , this album is quite different from the newer stuff , and represents a critical moment in atmosphere 's evolution . of course , anyone can listen to it . even those silly " fan boys . " it 's a ridiculous notion to suggest that because something has changed , people wo n't like earlier incantations of the same group . it 's that elitist old school b.s. and it 's annoying . some may not like it , but most hip-hop fans will probably enjoy it . what makes this album so interesting is how raw it is , and , as slug says in the liner notes , how it 's representative of his transformation as an mc . recorded between overcast ! and lucy ford , you can witness slug move from being a whitty , well-versed thug to something deeper and more innovative . both elements are present . " the abusing of the rib " is one of the more evolved tracks on the album , while " @ it again " is about sleeping with all sorts of girls in the twin cities , including yours of course . note that i say " evolved " not in the sense that one song is better than another , but rather more representative of slug 's later work ( lucy ford ) . this album represents a critical moment in the history of what i believe is the best hip hop group ( individual ) out there . while it does n't have the catchiest melodies ( the beats are great , just not catchy ) , it has some amazing rhymes and showcases slug 's ability to flow quickly and rap prolifically . check it out 
music pos 615.txt its a pretty good mix , good song choices , its mostly a harder mix , thought it could be smoother flowing though , but all in all its pretty good , also thought the robot walk to the party deal woulda made a better begining , it was a lot of down time during the middle of the cd , but hey people gotta switch it up now and then , like the last 3 / 4s better.. . 
music pos 766.txt engelbert humperdinck ` s name has remained for almost five decades in the great musical stages . in spain there is a term that fits so well to describe his magnetism : duende . he shone with radiant intensity in the age of the great crooners , the most difficult , indeed : frankie , tony bennet , andy williams , dean martin , matt monroe , bobby vinton , booby goldsboro , glenn campbell , o.c. smith , otis reading , pat boone , kenny rogers , paul anka and neil diamond ( from time to time ) among the most remarkable ones . his peculiar style has deserved him the best acknowledgments all over the world . his multifacetic repertoire and elegant voice confers him presence and conviction every time he appears on stage . his name is now a legend . go for this admirable collection , you will enjoy it over and over 
music pos 419.txt sony / legacy does a fine job with this compilation , but it could 've been much better imo ! ! here 's what i did to improve this cd ( fans can do the same thing ! ! there 's enough cd space available ! ) ... include the full length vesrion of ' encore ' ( the single mix has to go ! ) , and add the following rare bonus tracks.. . 16. ' at last you 're mine ' ( fr . 'heavenly bodies ' sdtk 1985 ) 17. ' steppin ' into the night ' ( fr . 'armed & dangerous ' sdtk 1986 ) . the single version of ' got to be real ' is fine because it includes cheryl 's trademark " soo-hoo , soo-hoo " vocal break that 's absent on the longer album version . all in all , i 'd recommend this cd to anybody that wants the best cheryl lynn compilation , but serious fans will want more ! ! ' the best of cheryl lynn , vol.2 ' has been long overdue for years , but you may have to make that one yourself until rhino does the job ! peace , sd ( of ' chaka 's world ' ) 
music pos 520.txt this is one of the truly great handel opera recordings of the last twenty years . as usual , nicholas mcgegan proves himself to be one of the two or three greatest handelian conductors of our time . the singing from beginning to end is first class . this opera is known for the famous largo " ombra mai fu , " but the music in this entire performance is a sheer delight 
music pos 968.txt though i own alot of paul desmond recordings , this one as been in the cd changer for weeks now . there 's great , gentle interplay with jim hall , and a total sound that is most enjoyable . warm and round notes make this perfect evening music which i have found pleases most everyone 
music pos 953.txt top to bottom this album has it all - makes you laugh , makes you think , makes you want to dance . i ca n't wait till mainstream finally catches up and the music industry finally recognizes what a gift todd snider is and the talent he posseses . his music will inspire you to move something whether it 's your brain or your bottom ! check him out 
music pos 341.txt first of all bob dylan is certainly not for everyone . however , if his style is up your alley this is a classic . you can turn on the radio and hear all those classic songs of his like " lay lady lay " or " like a rolling stone " to name a couple . planet waves is the type of album where the sum of the songs come together wonderfully . this is probably my favorite dylan album and i have all the " classics " like blonde on blonde , blood on the tracks , highway 61 revisited . ect . i 'd recommend this to any dylan fan 
music pos 425.txt like louis jordan , his less well-known contemporary jump / jive artist , cab calloway fits into an area much beloved by americans who recall the boggie woogie era or simply love the jumpin bumpin scufflin shufflin sound of that pre-rock and roll music . though in truth i do love jordan more and think he was a truely protean genius who was the grandfather of r&amp ; b , calloway was the consumate showwman whose jive / jump music ca n't help but bring a smile to your lips and a lift to your heart 
music pos 847.txt although this sports new remastering , unless you have either the golden hits cd available here at amazon and your local cd shop , the now out of print golden celebration boxed set or the 2 volume " patti page collection " series ( volume 2 is also out of print ) , this is unnecessary as it duplicates every track on golden hits except for let me go lover instead of with my eyes wide open i 'm dreaming and the songs are arranged in a different order . fans are better off looking for the 2 previous out of print collections with let me go lover to obtain this track and for the rest of this stuff , either buy golden hits , the boxed set and the 2 volume patti page collection series , and btw , vol . 1 is still in print so you can order it right here at amazon 
music pos 129.txt i just bought this on cd as it was on sale through the cd club . i have the original vinyl , but had n't listened to it in years . this is one of the best works of music ever conceived , written and performed . it is absolutely timeless and each song impresses you more than the last . put this one on repeat and let it play three or four times . it just keeps getting better . stevie is an awesome talent and this may be his best . do n't forget how great music was in the 70's . this work is one of the major reasons for the resurgence of 70 's music today by artists that were n't even born then . you can see quite clearly the artists that followed stevie . most recently alicia keys who would be the first to say his music is pure inspiration 
music pos 8.txt as we all know by now , lil ' jon is not known for his lyrical capabilities , but for his platinum productions and ability to find guest artists perfect for his songs . he is truly the king of crunk . many of the songs on the album are much like the hit single , " get low " feat . the ying yang twins - strong pumping dacefloor beats , lots of swearing and yelling constantly yeeah ! , whuut ? , and okaay ! buying the edited version ( if there is one ) would be a total waste . this album is not for the meek or faint hearted ! much of the songs hardly have many words from lil jon himself , mostly from the featured artists . these include petey pablo , 8ball and mjg , chyna whyte , pastor troy , jadakiss , styles p . , ect . my faveorites 1 ) throw it up w / pastor troy - a ' hood representing song with a thumping beat 2 ) get low 3 ) rep yo city w / petey pablo , bun b - a very good song with talents all around 4 ) knockin ' heads off - again jon struts his stuff 5 ) i do n't give a.. . - perfect for before game pumping musi 
music pos 383.txt i loved this album . strangely enough i was introduced to the title song by gray 's anatomy where i just had to find out who was singing that lead ( alice russell ) . the rest of the album is like the r& b music i grew up with . definitely worth a listen 
music pos 109.txt review no.77.a superbly / nicely done reissue of the zombie 's second ' actual ' album ( is n't it ? ) .total of 27 tracks , so since the first twelve ( 12 ) cuts were the original lp , i guess that means you get seventeen bonus tracks , wow ! that 's a lot , for a one-disc release.a fine cd to repeatedly play , plus keep in your ' current rotation ' stack for a long time to come.it 's probably just me , but these tunes should be in a different playing order.that 's why i 'll sometimes pre-program this cd before i listen to it.loads of fabulous / memorable tunes to enlighten your evening with here , like " care of cell 44 " ( three versions , but welcome ) , " time of the season " ( stereo and mono versions ) , the beautifully-done melodic " a rose for emily " ( 2 versions ) , " i want her , she wants me " , " maybe after he 's gone " and a cut that i 've certainly never heard before , but was quite impressed with it , " butchers tale " .obviously , the zombies must 've had hours of unreleased material that most of the world did n't take great notice of , until now.simply , a must-have.timeless top rate british invasion rock&roll that 'll never truly die 
music pos 395.txt if you liked the original clerks soundtrack , then you 're sure to love this . thirteen years after we heard randall and dante rant and ramble on about hermaphrodites and name-calling during sex on the first clerks soundtrack , now we are blessed with the opportunity to hear these two anti-heroes discuss other pointless issues like racial slurs and which movie trilogy is , in fact , the real trilogy . and we , the clerks fans , get to hear these meaningless dialogues in between every music track . oh , and did i mention the music ? terrific ! kevin smith 's choices are so fitting for each scene in the movie . it 's not too difficult to imagine that kevin has been thinking about these track choices for a long time . in typical kevin smith fashion , the usual array of artists are included as well as some cool surprises . you 've got your typical soul asylum and alanis morrisette as well as king diamond and an unexpected jackson 5 dance number . if you have not seen the movie , please make sure to do so before purchasing the soundtrack . doing so is sure to give the songs so much more meaning as you listen to them . overall , a really good soundtrack compilation that is sure to please any clerks fan . 
music pos 838.txt i have just purchased this cd ( the day it came out ! ) and from what i 've heard , it is amazing , surpassing ( but not replacing ) boulez 's earlier recording . if you are a fan of boulez , 20th century music , or music in general , this is a must get 
music pos 876.txt incredible follow up to rated r which i did n't think could be equaled and they did . flat out incredible songwriting , amazing vocal identity and muscianship at its best . if you grew up in the 70 's as i did and miss those albums that you would play constantly from beginning to end then this album is for you . " go with the flow " is one of the greatest rock singles of all time but you wo n't be skipping any songs on this disc . baby boomers rejoice , rock is back 
music pos 3.txt this band reminds me of the thrill i first got when i listened to an atreyu album . it dies today rip off the former bands style , but they are still a very good band . in the over-crowded metalcore market of today , that is a rarity . my only complaint , is that the vocalist has a beautiful singing voice ( as heard on " the radiance ) , but more often then not goes for the screams and growls that are associated with this type of music . still 5 / 5 material though . favorite songs : " the radiance , " " freak gasoline fight , " " our disintigration , " and :the caitliff choir:defeatism 
music pos 251.txt his singing style is very unique as are his lyrics . he has an eclectic mix of love songs , " we are the world " type songs and a few others on this album . he has the staying power for long the long term and i would love to see him mature throughout the years and watch to see where he goes . i loved streetcorner symphony ! it is so upbeat it can pull me out of whatever is ailing me . lonely no more is my theme song for right now in my life - needless to say i am replaying grooves in that one ! enjoy this album - i sure do 
music pos 317.txt i love every track on ne-yo 's cd " in my own words ! " next let me thank ne-yo for bringing true r&b back to the industry ! i dont consider songs about cheating on your bf / gf / husband / wife r&b . r&b is supposed to be about love - thats why people call them slow love songs . and from 2001 - 2005 new slow love songs did n't exist . i ended up listenin to the same songs from da 90 's over and over until i got so tired of them , and was fortunate to be lucky enough for my radio station ( that plays mostly rap : a genre of music i dont like ) to play " so sick " by ne-yo . it was a great song . this is literally the first and only r&b album that i never have the urge to use the fast forward feature to get to the next song ! ne-yo 's lyrics are strictly romantic and sweet too ! he is a lyrical genius . his voice is soothing and melodic . most r&b albums obviously have rap tracks or rushed r&b songs as filler to probably meet the deadline or get the cd out as fast as possible and reducing the enjoyability of the cd , but this album has all songs that are great . all of the tracks on this album are great , but here are the ones that are superb : 1. so sick - 9 / 10 ( would be a 10 if it was n't played over and over and with so many different versions . although i can still listen to it over and over 2. when you 're mad - 9 / 10 ( for those guys who like the look on girls faces when they get mad . maybe for michelle rodriguez fans . : ) ) 3. get down like that 10 / 10 ( both versions ) ( i call it " dont get down like that " ) ( this song is for the guys that are completely faithful like me ) ( if you 're not a player , and proud of being faithful , this is da song for you ) 4. sexy love - 10 / 10 ( great song . um hmmm. . what can i say about this one about its lyrics ? .... oh yes... . this song is for the guys who have a girl and when she touches them , it just feels like... . magic . ) this is da only cd dat ever deserved 5 stars by me , the only reason i gave other r&b albums 5 stars is cuz i took into consideration : there was no r&b album that existed that had nothing but good tracks , and most had poorly done upbeat song 
music pos 592.txt as much as i hear time and again that " mindcrime " was the seattle quintet 's finest , i always have to argue that this 1986 gem is the pinnacle of their career . while i was a big fan of mindcrime and it 's predecessor " the warning " , rage for order is qr 's most consistent release and is mezmerising from start to finish . in a word. . " perfect " . so few bands can boast having made a perfect album . i can think only of the beatles ( sgt. pepper & revolver to name a few ) , pink floyd ( the wall , dark side ) , dream theater ( images & awake ) , and boston ( debut ) . rage is an album to be listened to and appreciated . released in the hey-day of " hair metal " , this album has not one single song that lends itself to the tag . none of the songs , while very image provoking , could be easily made into an mtv hit . although " gonna get close to you " aired on mtv ( rarely i might add ) it did n't even scratch the surface of this album 's potential . overall , the performances of each member outshine anything before , or since . degarmo and wilton trade licks masterfully . rockenfield and jackson keep a very tight bottom end . tate...well...tate was the metal singer at that time and this was his finest performance . while the mix was somewhat lacking , the production was incredible . each song blends into each other perfectly . this was metal that was unique and completely original . i think the term " thinking man 's metal " was coined at the time . that said , i can think of no other release at the time to which that term could be applied . unlike most of their metal contemporaries at the time , rage was athmospheric , intellectual , and surreal . rage succeeded where priest 's " turbo " failed abysmally . it was a stark vision of the future and the metal was more futuristic than we 'd ever heard before . it was like listening to a whole new machine . it still holds it 's own 20 year later , seeming as fresh and " now " as anything in progressive metal . 
music pos 54.txt ...because it felt like it predicted that i 'd be listening to the cd someday . i 'm referring to the line " the kids of ad 2000 will draw from the music much the same sense of well being and warmth that we do today . " now i admit that i was 18 in 2000 so i guess i technically missed the literal kid description by a year , but the more general prediction of the inter-generational , timeless appeal of the beatles was right on . i did n't see them on the ed sullivan show . i was born almost twelve years after they broke up , and about a year after the tragic shooting of john lennon . but i , like many , many other people born too late to have experienced beatlemania as it was occuring , have since become a huge fan of all their work . this album has my favorite of all the beatle 's songs : i 'll follow the sun . that song alone is worth the five stars , but thankfully the rest of the album is great too . this album gets a little bit too much grief , and it may not be quite as amazing as something like abbey road , but it 's still better than just about anything else out there . 
music pos 45.txt growing up with classical rock and having enjoyed rock music by rod stewart , i did n't think i 'd like this cd . one evening i was having dinner at a friend 's home and they had this one playing . it was beautiful . being a little older now ( in my early 40 's ) , i enjoy more mellow music than the head banging variety that is heard now . this cd of rod 's was nostalgic , romantic and extremely easy to listen to . 
music pos 694.txt julieta venegas did it again . she scored an album that is not alternative in style , however it is very catchy pop music . her melodies are perfect for a morning drive with the radio on . you can sing along and express day to day feelings . julieta continues to use instruments i like such as the harmonica . and of course , julietas nice character and her lovely behavior shine through in her public appearances . my personal favorite is " me voy " , a very positive song about a not so positive event , breaking-up . keep up the good work , julieta . your songs are appreciated . 
music pos 945.txt if this album did n't come out at its destinated time , 2006 would have been one of the worst years for gospel music . outside of kurt carr 's cd , this album makes singing gospel music worthwhile . donald lawrence knows how to send out a group and bring in a new era of singers . that 's basically what this finale does , it brings into the forefront the future of the gospel music scene . we have new artists emerging in blanche ( mcalister-not sure if she is going to just do the first name like madonna , cher , mandisa , ummmmm , think about it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ) , dewayne woods ( thanks for the testimony and great sunday morning rocking song - this is hint to all church musicians sing this song when church is a lil dead and pick it up ) , the murrills , lajeune thompson ( sang girl ) , and sheri from the duo of ted & sheri . there are so many hits on the whole cd from god is , god , you are an heir , giants , blessing from abraham , encourage yourself , of course all of the older stuff . one thing missing is kelly price should have guested on i walk with god or bring back stephanie mills . 
music pos 821.txt i discovered seal the same way that most people did : through his utterly beautiful song " kiss from a rose " . i heard it on the radio one day , and played it constantly for months after that until i finally decided to purchase the album the song was from . as it happens , the song is from seal 's most revered album , his multi-platinum 1994 self-titled album . ( this is not to be confused with his other self-titled album , his debut , released in 1991. ) i did n't know what to expect when i bought the album , having heard only one song from it , but months after purchasing it i 'm glad i made the gamble . i think that the sub-genre which best classifies seal is urban . urban music , according to all music guide , is smooth and polished , often romantic , sometimes uptempo and funky , and features soulful vocals . seal has all of this and more . it has techno beats , but they 're not as overwhelming as one might expect . they blend together with peaceful , occasionally ethereal guitars and seal 's incredibly soothing singing . this is , no doubt , stylish music , but first and foremost it 's a collection of warm , encouraging songs penned by a very talented musician . there 's nothing that comes close to being a bad song here ; there 's not even a slightly weak composition . thus it 's a little harder to pick highlights than usual . some highlights include the strong opening track , " bring it on " ; the emotional hit " prayer for the dying " ; the shimmering " dreaming in metaphors " ; the upbeat " newborn friend " ; and , needless to say , the absolutely wonderful " kiss from a rose " . the closing track , " bring it on ( reprise ) " is another beautiful song , but " kiss from a rose " is possibly the most lovely song i 've ever heard . listening to it in the warmth of one 's home during a snowy december afternoon is an incredibly powerful experience . the message of the album , if there is one , is " keep on going - life is beautiful ! " it could fail under any other popular artist , but seal succeeds marvelously . this is some of the most heartfelt , inspirational singing i 've ever heard . there 's a delightful optimism in seal 's singing that sounds strong rather than naiive . it 's hard to feel down after listening to such an uplifting album as this . seal is certainly one of the most talented musicians of r&b ( or rock - you decide ) . these songs have clear , strong messages , warm , inspirational lyrics , heartfelt , soothing singing , danceable beats , and a whole lot of emotion . once you 've heard " kiss from a rose " , i guarantee you 'll want to pick up the album . if you 're already thinking of doing so , then i encourage you to go forward and buy it ; you wo n't regret it . it 's become one of my favorite albums . when you 're feeling disillusioned or depressed with the state of your life or just life in general , look no further than seal to make you cherish it once again . 
music pos 92.txt ahh this is a great cd . i listen to it every day . it 's fun music , and the lyrics are wonderful . hope everybody enjoys it as much as i do 
music pos 720.txt this is just a great cd . whenever i need to restore inner harmony after work , or dealing with any upsetting situation , this is the one i go to . instantly i am transported to the calm , soothing setting of a traditional japanese house and garden . it is fantastic for meditation , too . let all the nonessentials of life slip away while you listen to this beautiful recording 
music pos 963.txt " vangelis : themes " is a collection of some rare and some more popular theatrical theme music from movies including " blade runner " and " mutiny on the bounty . " it 's an extraordinary album and i highly recommend it 
music pos 407.txt immerse yourself in the incredible genius of mark o'connor and his amazing chameleon-like creative ability to tease so many different moods and styles from his violin . if you like cajun music - this is for you . if you like western swing - this is for you . if you like foot tapping fiddle with a celtic slant - then this is for you ! classical ? jazz ? blues ? country rock ? then yeah - you guessed it - this is for you ! this is an absolutely fantastic album - a brilliant collection of melodies that bring together some of today 's greatest violinists . pure genius 
music pos 483.txt no doubt about it , from start to finish , this is a classic for anybody 's collection . i can remember back in the spring of ' 93 when the movie came out and it was a classic as well but the soundtrack matches up to what the movie was and this soundtrack sent a big message to a lot of us about what goes on the inner cities today . this was rap music at it 's best from spice 1 to dj quik . there will not be a soundtrack like this ever again that addresses what goes on in our neighborhoods . so add this to your collection if you still love the true gangster rap , west coast fan ( like myself ) , or just want to hear a great soundtrack 
music pos 818.txt este cd es excelente ! se los recomiendo a todos los que les guste la musica buena . robi es un gran poeta y filosofo 
music pos 231.txt honestly , led zeppelin is the only artist that can create monumental album after monumental album and have not one bad song . when you listen to one of their albums in your car , there 's no , " oh , i really like track 2 , but i do n't like the next couple , so i 'll skip to track 5 after that one 's over . " now it is common opinion that the classic albums of led zeppelin are the first five , and " houses of the holy " is the fifth one . this is zeppelin at their pinnacle , which in my opinion , they never fall from . " the song remains the same " is pagey at his best with his gibson double-neck . the song itself makes you want to ride the wind because it is so airy , but at the same time a fast-paced rock tune . page 's initial ( and incredible ) guitar solo makes this song the perfect initial song on this album . " the rain song " is a lovelorn masterpiece with the lovely sounds of an orchestra to help create this mood . the lyrics are deep , and while the song to me is melancholy , it is also refreshing . " over the hills and far away " is a 5-trillion star song , with amazing acoustic and electric guitars with mystic lyrics . " the crunge " is groovy and funny . the bass is really felt in this song , and odd spoken lyrics at the end give a laugh . " dancing days " is very far out , but a summer-y song with an addictive riff . " d'yer mak'er " is one to definitely highlight bonzo 's masterful rhythm skills , or in other words , great drums ! equal to that is pagey on guitar and robert 's singing , " i still love you so...but i ca n't let you go.. . " " no quarter " is the quiet masterpiece that is credited to john paul for an exquisite keyboard solo . " the ocean " is quite the upbeat song on this album with a raunchy riff . an overall energizing song . this is the best deal for this album- -do not pass it up ! i hope this will be a permanent fixture to your collection...not one bad song 
music pos 316.txt this is lovely stuff . the other reviews say why much better than i can , but i just had to add to the adoration 
music pos 854.txt the band is excellent and this album is just shy of the high quality of the first . however , the encroachment of our free use rights as legal consumers by the major record companies will not stop until they see a negative financial impact from pushing these copy crippled products . do n't support these products 
music pos 36.txt wow ! what a great collection of great classic songs ! we highly recommend this to anyone with any age kids who want to have fun and have fun without the tv ! hokey pokey baby...that 's what it 's all about 
music pos 751.txt i agree with everyone else ; the music on this album is completely magical . two masters at work with a great rhythm section , very spontaneous-sounding contrapuntal harmonies , unbounded joy in every tune , and some interesting arrangements . this is also the worst-sounding cd ( or lp , for that matter ) that i have ever heard . it sounds worse than lo-res mp3s played over the web ; i have recordings of 78s that sound better . i cannot believe that even laserlight would release this . i have other laserlight cds and none of them sound this bad . if they remastered this and made it sound better , i would buy it again . that 's the only reason for 4 stars rather than 5. still , it 's worth getting if you can listen past the horrible sound quality 
music pos 227.txt my son loves music and really likes dan zanes . we started with the videos on disney and the " catch that train " song really got us singing , so we ordered this cd . now my son sings along with it , dances and jumps around . dan zanes really is fun for the family 
music pos 111.txt i am a lover of " greatest hits " compact discs but this one by far is the best one i have purchased recently . this compact disc has almost all of the best tunes that joe walsh made and i highly recommend it to anyone who loves to rock ! 
music pos 745.txt excellent songwriting , guitar playing and overdubbing . another live album following his first with previously recorded songs not on frampton comes alive would have been just as successful as comes alive . days dawning , crying clown , fanfare are a few such songs . a few songs from wind of change , something 's happening , and even a couple from his early days with the herd would have contributed to a second successful live album rather than the i 'm in you album which was a terrible disappointment 
music pos 469.txt along with son volt 's & quot ; trace&quot ; and nadine 's & quot ; downtown saturday , & quot ; this is one of the best rock albums of the 1990s and certainly one of the best alt.country albums ever released . standout tracks include & quot ; blue canoe , & quot ; & quot ; soul sister , & quot ; & quot ; eyes of a child , & quot ; & quot ; wink&quot ; and & quot ; let 's go runnin' &quot ; all examples of first class rock songwriting . the rest ai n't too shabby either . fans of the allman brothers and lynyrd skynyrd in particular should give this mississippi band a listen . but so should any mainstream rock fan 
music pos 503.txt i recommend this cd to anyone stuck in a rut like i was . listening to the same artists over and over but wanting something new and fresh . life on planet groove will be a welcome addition to your collection . great for the drive 
music pos 721.txt del the funky homosapien has been my favorite mc for years , and this album does n't dissapoint . the dvd is raw , and packs in lots of live footage , interviews , and is well produced . if you are a fan of del , you know you have to pick this up . 
music pos 141.txt it 's fair to say that all orchestras are not created ( or built ) equally and these discs of phenomenal playing with the berlin philharmonic under the baton of herbert von karajan are simply some of the best classical recordings ever made . analog sound was at its peak when these records were made in 1976 and 77 and dg has done an excellent job of remastering them for cd . but beyond that karajan simply " gets " the composer- -as another reviewer pointed out- -and conducts with an intensity and passion he seldom showed in his other recordings and performances . i 'm listening to these discs once more on a massive sound system with doubled speakers to handle the ' 70s kenwood beast amplifier and love it more than ever . as a reviewer once said of a classic szell / cleveland performance of beethoven 's third , this is a reading of " blinding virtuosity and strength . " as a budget two disc set it is also , incredibly enough , cheaper than those old dg import records we bought ( and scratched up ) one by one in the seventies . as i 've said before , when you listen to a disc like this you realize why you went nuts for this kind of music in the first place . buy it , blast it , love it , get your slavic ya yas out ! ! 
music pos 722.txt metheny 's an innovator and has been all over the map over his long career in terms of styles , moods , textures , and sounds . here we have an early effort in which he takes his guitar and overdubs an introspective , wide-open-spaces musical journey across america , weaving in jazz , folk , country , rock , mountain music , and everything in between . if you love his work on joni mitchell 's amelia ( performed live on shadows and light ) , you 'll love the sound of this record . the mood is mellow but not dull , quiet but not silent , and the results are spectacular . this is the cd to take with you on a trip across the western frontier , or a short hop to burger king . works either way 
music pos 795.txt as always , opinions vary in terms of who is the master at recording timeless pieces of music such as these bach cello suites . starker himself pronounced in the sleeves of this cd that this edition , the 4th recordings of these music by himself is not " technically perfect " , but in many ways , his most mature interpretation . you can spend hundreds trying to find a mercury copy of " the perfect " rendition ; or you can appreciate the little imperfections of an aged artist , at the height of his humanistic understanding of music , and of life . 
music pos 241.txt i 've been a robben ford fan since 1979. each time he offers a new recording , i try to purchase it as quickly as possible . robben can rock and play slow blues . every cut on this cd is worth listening to over and over again . i ca n't say enough ! robben is one of the least known and treasured guitartists of our generation ! if you like robben ford , do n't miss chris cain . this man is also a guitar genius 
music pos 372.txt this cd brings back memories of the early 60 's when vince martin and fred neil played at the flick , the coffee house , and the hootenanny here in miami . i 've had the lp forever . now that i 'm getting the cd , i can listen in my car and remember seeing them perform live 
music pos 961.txt i just purchased this album , my first misfits album and every song on it rocks ( i especially like where eagles dare ) . i just bought two more albums , walk among us and static age and i wish they would hurry up and get here in the mail because i cant wait . my only complain is the sound quality . it sounds like they put a dollar store tape recorder in the corner and started rocking...but i guess that makes it sound more real too . metallica covered a couple of their albums on their garage album but it just isnt the same . 
music pos 191.txt if you think yer gonna puke everytime you have to suffer through a " country " song from nashville these days , and you happen to like classic rock , you would probably appreciate what shooter 's trying to do here . folks , this is the real deal . i do n't mean real country or real rock - this is a hybrid - i mean he 's making music that is honest and down to earth . a flash in the pan , he 's not . he 's going to be around for awhile 
music pos 623.txt when this first was released i really was n't expecting much . the last two releases mega-dave put out risk , and the world needs a hero excluding the live rude awakening while certainly had some moments were 3 out of 5 material , but in defense they had to do what they to do to stay around . however , this album from the up tempo blackmail the universe , kick the chair which could have been on rust in peace , the scorpion another return to form , and back in the day definitely were a few of the many highlights of this album . i would n't put this up there with rust in peace or countdown , but i certainly would put this up there with so far so good or youthansia actually this album kind of takes elements from those albums , and put 's it into one . if your a new fan and just getting into megadeth this is n't a bad place to start . certainly a must have , and am looking forward to the brand new album next year . long live mega-dave 
music pos 941.txt this album is ridiculous . i almost want to say part of srv 's soul is in this guy...he is that good . honestly i think this album rips apart his previous two . my hope is that jimmy , dt and apo will bring out a 4th release...as good as this album or better ! this is one of those great albums where every song is good . buy it . you like srv , buy it . double trouble must have brought part of srv back , because this album is just plain sweet 
music pos 77.txt i feel bad doing this becuase i love iggy and the stooges but the quality on this set is pretty bad . all the live recordings are worth listening to and probably owning but the quality is very rough and can get frustrating . it 's like the first beatles anthology set : the material is amazing but the quality is bad . on the plus side the studio outtakes are decent quality wise and amazing content wise . the packaging is also very nice . i just though i 'd share this information before you drop all the money on the set . if you are a stooges fan do n't hesitate purchase now but if this is your introduction you should probably wait . 
music pos 517.txt the best r&b band ever ! ! ! i know some will disagree with me , but this is the band that really rock my boat . i mean , they were awesome and it was n't forced or fake . the rawness of their funk is sooo addictive that you will never put this cd down . i am in the process of getting all their cds , but this one is a great way to be introduce to their music 
music pos 284.txt this is where afi began their sound change from their first 2 cd 's ( answer that & stay fashionable , very proud of ya ) . it is much more serious than the first 2 , alot angrier , heavier , darker , and more screaming / yelling as well . some people say this is their best , i disagree , i prefer their " punkier " 1st 2 but i still enjoy this alot , it 's all down to personal taste , it gets a 5 / 5 for me 
music pos 686.txt i put off buying this for many years . having heard many posthumous albums that were just hideous , i did n't want to taint my perceptions of the queen legacy . so i ignored this album . then , one day , i was listening to innuendo and that old curiosity crept in again . i came here and read many positive reviews , so i took the plunge . i came out the other side very content . the legacy had not been tainted . the album is uneven in places , but the songs that are good are very good ( mother love , let me live ) . with some albums like this , it is often easy to tell that the vocals were spliced in . now , i do n't know exactly how this was done , but the songs feel seamless , even the dance track " you do n't fool me , " which i can picture being blasted at high volumes in a late-night club . of course there is some sadness in the songs and that feeling that time is running out ( especially in " mother love " ) , but upon the conclusion of the album , i want to say to the brian and the boys ( men ) , " you 've done good . 
music pos 416.txt this cd is a must for any horn player or lover of the instrument ! cerminaro has tremendous technique and extremely sensitive mucicality . en 
music pos 464.txt as one of the founding fathers of today 's heavy metal rock music , iron butterfly has them power , drive , and sound that made them unique in the world of rock music . this live album serves as a testament to that fact . eventhough the recordings of live concerts from the late 1960 's through the mid 1980 's was primative at best ( by today 's standards ) , this live recording of iron butterfly captures most of the groups best music durring their prime as a chart-topping group of that era . this is a " must-have " for all iron butterfly fans 
music pos 213.txt at first , i thought the only reason why i wanted this cd was because idina menzel was on it . but now , after listening to the whole cd , i was right , idina menzel was amazing , and all of the other cast members are incredibly talented too . i would highly recommend this because it is a very interesting story , it 's incredibly complex music ( theoretically ) , but at the same time it is very enjoyable ! ! ! ! i would give it more stars if i could.. . but i am only allowed 5... : ( 
music pos 946.txt the best place to start with the best is at the beginning . enya 's the celts ( identical to the original 1980s release simply called enya ) is a beautiful collection of music . enya is not an artist where you just get the " best of " album . every cd is a best of in itself 
music pos 239.txt after trouble and his austin city limits appearance , i thought he was just another very good singer songwriter . this follow up has made me reconsider , because this is the work of a very thoughtful perfectionist . he waited and it was worth the wait . this reminded me immediately of john lennon ( please do n't punish me for blasphemy ) and others that knew how to touch you with simplicity done in a classy way . i did n't expect something this deep for a sophomore recording . enjoy 
music pos 319.txt ca n't say enough about how great this record is . it still stands the test of time by remaining relevant . " summerland , " and " mission man " are my personal favs , but the whole album deserves raves 
music pos 198.txt this cd is perfect for driving . the downtempo / beat driven ambient feel and overall togetherness of this cd is a perfect choice for easy electronic listening . overall very pleased with mr. schnauss ' contribution to the genre . highly reccomende 
music pos 127.txt unlike other classical-crossover artists minus emma shapplin , i believe sarah brightman works for art , not for money , or fame , or show off . like what she said in an interview , she sees music a a whole- -music is to be enjoyed ( and categorization should never get in the way ) . that 's apparent from this very endearing album la luna . i think this album is as a whole better than any song in it although my favourites are still the mystical figlio perduto , the dreamy serenade / how fair this place , the gloomy gloomy sunday , and the sweet la luna . i read what a reviewer said about how any other sopranos could sing better than sarah on la luna / song to the moon . i think that 's not true , at all . just because the singing is n't wagnerish , it does n't mean it 's easy or lacking in technique or whatever he said . i think it 's easier to just sing full out operatic like , say , renee fleming than singing with so much passion and being lilting without losing any of the voice 's qualities ( laid back with ' that ' voice at the beginning and successively powerful at the end ) . and , duh , she sings classical properly , ffs . and tell me a name of a soprano who could sing how fair this place with such grace , without sounding like a screeching steel can . i 've also listened to many other versions of gloomy sunday . billie 's is weird . sarah mclachlan 's is out of context . sinead o ' connors ' is shabby although the intelligence behind the singing is fine . only sarah brightman 's and bjork 's versions are best for my ears . i have introduced her music ( from phantom of the opera to dive to timeless to harem ) to many people , and apparently they enjoy them very much ! there is this radio that 's a favourite of us where gloomy sunday and time to say goodbye are played as much as bon jovi 's it 's my live and sophie ellis bextor 's take me home and offspring 's pretty fly . they 're good music and enjoyable . albeit i also like many other sopranos . i like lucia popp 's interpretation of richard strauss ' lieders , christa ludwig 's of schubert 's , natalie dessay , kiri te kanawa , etc. : 
music pos 314.txt this album is awesome ! ! ! ! my favorites are pure and appreciate . 
music pos 911.txt i gotta be honest , when i first listened to this album i was dissapointed . but like any truly amazing album , it just took some decoding , listening to the songs multiple times reaaaallly helps to appreciate what these guys are doing . essentially , gat are four people who are amazing at what they do , and we should feel lucky that they have found a way to mesh together perfectly . their first album , emphasizer , blew me away , but i felt it lost steam around halfway through . this album does no such thing , and what is more impressive is that this is an all acoustic album , which means skerik is using the natural sound of his sax as opposed to the various effects that he is known for . this gives the album a much more natural feel and it shows that these four are able to make amazing music without any wizardry in the production department . but dont get me wrong , this cd sounds amazing . anyway , i saw them live last night in nyc , and they blew my mind.. . i recommend this cd to anyone , and see them live if you get the rare opportunity ! 
music pos 687.txt ms. melua is from georgia . her voice is quite like the swede , lisa ekdahl . neither has range or power ; both have a little girl voice and plenty of finesse . both have musical partners . in ms. melua 's case it is mike batt who is to her what nelson riddle was to linda rondstadt , except that , in addition to arranging and conducting and coaching , he writes songs . most of this album are her and / or his songs . they are well written and well treated . they are are a careful team abnd do not cut corners . mr. batt , among many other things , worked with steeleye span and art garfunkel long ago . the original sogs are interesting and liquid pleasant in rendition . but my favorite cut is her rendering " blues in the night " , which some might remember from looney tunes cartoons many decades past ; " my mama done tole me.. . " it starts . knowing she cannot belt it , instead she works it . one short note on steve sale 's engineering because another reviewer was crabbing about reverb and above all , clipping . perhaps because i bought it on vinyl , but i hear none of these defects . my set is revealing , and it reveals excellent engineering , considering the largeish ensemble mr. batt has assembeled . fear not , unless the cd really is badly made 
music pos 105.txt if this is to truly be gybe 's last piece of work , then they 've concluded their brief and dynamic catalog on a fitting note . while i still believe " lift yr. skinny fists.. . " is their masterwork , " yanqui " is easily a close second . where " fists " had a broader range of sounds and textures - elements of sacred and profane - " yanqui " is more balanced and focused . although you could argue this point , i think " yanqui " never gets as high or low as " fists . " the sound on " yanqui " is entirely consistent with their previous releases . as other reviewers mentioned , the only major change is the absence of field recordings , which actually helps to distinguish this album as the finale . the lack of human voice adds a new aura of mystery to the work . well , there is actually another surprising moment on this album : it happens during a movement about halfway into the album . the guitars drop off , leaving only a small ensemble playing dissonant woodwinds over a steady tribal percussion . for a few minutes it definitely does n't sound like typical gybe . in fact , the dissonant horns sound almost like a ligeti composition ( although ligeti probably would n't have used a steady rhythm of any kind ) . fear not . not only does it work , but it swells nicely into a full band tidal wave . but here 's the most important point i want to make about yanqui : to me , it resolves some of the musical themes " fists " introduced , which makes u.x.o. a fitting conclusion . the last bit on " mfer=redeemer p.1 " slows way down , featuring one guitar with one violin ( i think ) playing together in fragile harmony , along with some distortion in the background . when i listen to this , i ca n't help but think of the very beginning of " fists , " except the melody changes just enough to resolve the paranoia that the " fists " melody introduced . in other words , it 's like i can hear gybe - at last - acknowledging that there does exist some...hope ! ...some goodness ! ....some peace ! ...in this world - the very place that 's inspired them to make such dissonant music . and , well , if gybe can slow down and acknowledge something hopeful exists , well then , hope must exist . indeed , mother****er does = redeemer . of course , they give us one last act on " yanqui " just to kick our butts one final time . yes , it gets so out of control that , at one point , the siren that 's blaring in the background seems appropriate . the very end , i love , as it builds and builds and builds with distortion and droning until the music finally- - it suddenly ends . " yanqui u.x.o. " is possibly the final act in a brief but brilliant catalog . it 's an awesome finale 
music pos 936.txt i own a lot of waylon jennings albums but i have to say , i find myself playing this one on 9 out of 10 times . if you want to buy just one waylon album this is the one to own , the recording quality is brilliant for a live album and the music is alive . simply great , i ca n't say enough good things about this cd 
music pos 881.txt i recently acquired this cd from my local indepedent record store . this is a wonderful cd . there is not much i can say . i am a pianist myself , and it is enlightening to see how this brilliant composer / player plays the piano . his style is completely unique . thelonius monk is one of my favourite jazz artists . i recommend this to anybody who has any interest in jazz 
music pos 617.txt for hard-driving well-crafted rock-and-roll from the late 70s / early 80s , you ca n't do much better than pat benatar ( and heart ) and this collection carries most - - but not all - - of the singles that dominated the airwaves for 4 years : heart breaker , hit me with your best shot , love is a battlefield , fire and ice , promises in the dark . but no benatar collection is complete without ' treat me right ' , ' you better run ' , and ' i want a lover who wo n't drive me crazy ' ( superior , in my opinion , to the john mellencamp version ) , especially if you prefer benatar 's hard-driving rockers to her slower ballads . nevertheless , ' best shots ' is a great place to start and certainly - at $10-15 versus $50 for the more complete ' all fired up ' - - the best value for the money . 
music pos 308.txt this was one of those rare performances where dylan 's raw energy swept the stage and transformed these selections from his collection into somthing entirely new and great . the sound is rough , the intonation is off , the recording is filled with horrible buzzes , whistles , and clicks . none of which matters . once youe listened to some of the tracks on this disk , you 'll prefer them to the original album cuts . i know i do . absolutely essential to any collection of dylan 's work , " hard rain " is not to be missed . 
music pos 205.txt i bought a copy for a friend recently and she said " his music sounds so fresh and it 's so singable . the lyrics are meaty , too , not just fluffy pop . i 'm kind of obsessing over this music right now- -which is fun ! thanks so much.. . i 'd like to see him in concert sometime . " i had this album for a year before i really got into it , since it takes a couple of listens to really appreciate . at first listen i really liked we 'll do it all again , and put it onto my mp3. a year later i finally got the album out again and it bleu me away . i realize that there is something slightly barry mannilowish about we 'll do it all again , because he has some lungs , not because of style or anything . he reminds me more of jellyfish , or they might be giants . some songs are so pathetic , vulnerable , and a little too honest for comfort as far as lyrics go , but they are energetic and hopeful in their delivery . anyone who appreciates art for arts sake will probably like this album . the songwriting is superb and precisely produced . the second hidden track is a real gem , that you do n't need to relate to in order to appreciate . the lyrics are clever and fun even though several songs have a theme of loneliness . 
music pos 568.txt while nothing in the film works very well except perhaps the chemistry between travolta and stowe , the sublime soundtrack is another story . descriptions such as " haunting " and " soul moving " are right on the money , one might also add ineffable to the list . 
music pos 860.txt i was very young to really appreciate the in-s and outs of this band and the members between sammy , roth and evh ! i honestly can consider myself a newbie to this time-tested rockers . i just downloaded this off of itunes and i can tell u folks , every track is amazing ! its like when lars ( metallica ) said once : " i was always amazed with g&r " ...if i may borrow this line , i had always heard of the great evh vs. hagar vs roth but honestly never appreciated this guitar work before today ! evh is an amazing talent and it will continue to influence i am sure allot of new artists . my brother in law was debating with us about slash , sammy , evh , and edge ( u2 ) , clapton and apparently they all chose evh . i did n't believe it till i heard it ! evh is an inspiration . anyone interested even remotely in any of these guys in evh 's history , should get this album because it is truly harnesses from almost all the worlds evh has been to and in ! 
music pos 130.txt i just refreshed my ears listening to " riot " again ! getting to to hear 1 / 2 full , which clocking in at just over 4 minutes , is sheer electric blues magic . the price of this album is worth this one rocker alone . it was nice to see it on " easy street " ( along with lukin ' excellent ! ) any way this number totally kicks ! definitely get this if you do n't already own it . 
music pos 223.txt i purchased this cd with the intent of finding fine players playing fine music . what i found , however , was and outstanding example of chamber music as its finest . the ensemble these 3 players generate is some of the finest ensemble music playing recorded . each player displays exceptional technique , both in the mechanical and lyrical aspects of their playing . most impressive is listening to istomen who , playing a very technically and lyrically demanding part , voices his playing with such finess and carefull attention to detail to the strings ; a feat very difficult to do as a pianist . this is an excellent recording for the professional to study a score from or for the avid listener to play over and over 
music pos 542.txt together with ' the best of kool&amp ; the gang' ..... t h i s is the ultimate bit of funk that i 've found so far . the tracks may not always have a & quot ; song structure&quot ; ( and for me the women singers may be omitted. . ) - the funkiest bits in history are found here ! ! ! ! ! ! 
music pos 447.txt several tunes on ' back to oakland ' feature tower of power at their best . one in particular that keeps me coming back is the deeply funky instrumental track , ' squib cakes' . featured soloists include a short , mellow guitar solo from bruce conte , followed by greg adams ' fluegelhorn that first lurks in the pedal range ( leading one to believe it 's a trombone ! ) and then soars brilliantly higher and higher to a dramatic finish . tenor madness abounds from lead saxman lenny pickett ( known primarily for his work as lead tenor for the saturday night live band ) , wailing in-tune in the difficult altissimo range ( jazz musicians call these ' freak notes ' because they are not notes typically included in the range of the instrument ... ) , while at the same time refusing to compromise on excellent rhythmic and melodic ideas throughout . chester thompson completes the soloistic foursome with a chunky hammond organ solo that takes you back to a smoky bar in la in the early 70s - without the probability of cancer . lyrical yet hard-driving , thompson lulls us first into his solo space by filling in behind the band as they chant ' squib cakes ' , then takes off on his own flight , delving out perfect 16th-note runs as though bach suddenly had learned some jazz hammond himself . in the middle of the solo , as if to a testament to the tightness of the groove , thompson lingers on a treble note in his right hand , chunks out chords so symmetrically with the rest of the rhythm section with his left , that in the days of hearing this on vinyl , i wondered if my record was skipping through that section ! to finish the groove , at the end of thompson 's solo , the horns return to fill in a bridge with quick triplets . after he closes , we 're back to the head to close out the tune . even with so much to savor , this syncopated gem will leave you hungering for more , even after the final stroke of the last chord . the musicianship and tightness of their groove more than make up for the bland lyrics on the album 's other tunes . i have listened to this album for 30 years and revel in its freshness every time i spin it . i recommend it as a definite primer for anyone wishing to explore tower of power 's " sound . " - kathryn shut 
music pos 343.txt even though gary allen is a country singer , he rocks as an artist ! he has a vein of rock mixed in with his deep country voice . this man 's voice is so smooth , he could melt butter along with any woman 's heart . guys will like him too , but he 's a crooner , his ballads touch women ( sigh ! ) and make men want to emulate him . i enjoyed every song on this cd , but my personal favorites are : tough little boys , and songs about rain , both beg to be sang along with 
music pos 190.txt to set the record straight , rodney ' darkchild ' jerkins produced one song on this album , and that is ' he said' . that said , producer waryn ' baby dubb ' campbell [also husband of erika , younger of the duo] did a great job on this album . not at all to say that the ladies ' singing has n't always been phenomenal . the highlights of this album include the aforementioned darkchild song , a guest apperance by fred hammond on ' this love ' [their appearance on his album , speak those things ' is duly noted] , an impressively done cover of stevie wonder 's ' you will know ' , and a cover of walter hawkins ' ' thank you' . yes , that is the original sampled at the end of the song . every album that mary mary has released to this day [yes , all two of them] has proven that gospel music can be musically current- - impressive- - and still within taste . that 's what happens when you have the best on your team.. . baby dubb , while being mary mary 's resident producer can also be found on kierra sheard 's ' let go ' , ' sweetest thing ' , ' all i am ' , fred hammond 's albums ' speak those things ' and ' somethin ' ' bout love ' and countless other records . the downside : the last two songs . they 're of forgettable quality . while happy , forgettable . overall , this album is an essential 
music pos 599.txt a great series concept - highly significant artists performing material which taken individually or collectively represents a major section of the american music library . ofcourse the originally withdrawn [w . new at-the-time funky people] & quot ; talkin ' loud. . &quot ; by jb ( i bought it retail ! ) is the highlight , along with the live & quot ; it 's my thing.. . &quot ; by marva whitney . ( yes , i saw mw sing it **l-i-v-e** at madison square garden in july , 1969 ) . the prev . unrel . bobby byrd track and vicki anderson 's contribution to the & quot ; cold sweat&quot ; session also reinforce the value for listeners 
music pos 990.txt i 'm not particularly familiar with sonic youth and the bits i 've heard from their other albums have n't really grabbed me . this does . the rhythm section would n't be out of place in pseudo-tribal funk , the guitars are dissonant , jangling , sometimes hypnotically repetitive , and just plain weird , and the vocals are distant , airy , lazy . some of the best music i 've heard in a good long while 
music pos 816.txt with all the ' neuvo flamenco ' and its accompaning popularity . it is nice ( and a relief ) i might add , to hear the flamenco guitar in its purist form . not only does this cd contain sabicas and nino ricardo . it also contains four very rare perfomances by manolo de huelva . which are difficult to find anywhere . also included are melchor de marchena performing six pieces . this is truly pure flamenco at its best 
music pos 307.txt i love that garage days re-re visited is on the flip side...in the cassette i had warped a long time ago ! i like this one 
music pos 716.txt this is a great movie soundtrack ! . i 'm a passport fan since i was a kid back in the 70's . i have all klaus doldinger 's official releases with his passport signature . please go and look for this cd " running in real time " from passport and listen to track number 2 : auryn . then go and get all his passport releases ( almost 20 cds since the 70 's ) . then you will see why klaus doldinger is very creative 
music pos 258.txt hiphop as a genre is so wide spread and international that sometimes we get wonderful creative jems like lady sovereign . she is not only lyrically impressive , but the mixes of electronics on all her tracks will get you moving , which is basically what she sets out to do . i dont know much about the hip hop insprised grime scene in the uk , but i will definitely be keeping on eye out now . and i will patiently await for s.o.v. debut us album . favorite track , though all of it is really good , will have to be " the battle " feature other grime scene artists like shystie , zuz rock , and frost p spitting the wildest ( barely understandable lol ) rhymes ive heard . no men and women have battled against each other like this , especially for the listening public . how ever , no one should compare sov to anyone ( missy or m.i.a. ) all emcees , particularly female one have a different style and should be prasied for such . sov has a style totally different from anything ive heard to date . it 's refreashing to see a new spin on hiphop . 
music pos 530.txt i agree with most of the reviewers that this band was very underated.great singing electric and acoustic guitar playing and great songs.why were songs like natures way and i got a line not huge hits ? i got a line made the top 40 i think.natures way was a great acoustic ballad.also nothing to hide has a nice acoustic / electric section.also mister skin could of been a hit catchy.this band was better than a lot of the crap that came out in the late 1960 's all the bad hippie bands of that era.as for the whole album i think it would get five stars if it had some live tracks as bonus cuts , like a live i got a line or natures way live hearing that live would of been fun . i heard samples on a live spirit cd.a great unknown band that everyone should give a listen to and to remember what real musicians and songs were about in the old days 
music pos 13.txt i can honestly say that when i first heard scarling 's " so long , scarecrow " , i was less than impressed . i 've been into scarling for a few years now , and when i heard their first record , " sweet heart dealer " , i instantly fell in love . i somewhat held it above everything else , i was so impressed by it . so when i heard the progression from shd to sls , i was a little bit let down . but after three solid listens , from first to last , i was totally amazed by this record . it was like something clicked and i was able to see the beauty each track held . i seriously listen to this cd almost everyday . although i prefer some tracks to others [ ( northbound on ) cauhenga ! ] , i really ca n't think of one track that i just do n't like . it now takes place in my favorites over shd . i feel that this record can really appeal to anyone ; it 's very versatile . and , as always , jessicka 's beautiful vocals compliment the indescribable amazingness of the music wonderfully . if you 're indecisive about purchasing this record , i say bite the bullet , give it a few solid listens , and promptly be blown away 
music pos 226.txt without a doubt , this is a must-have for any fan of the go-betweens and the place to start if you are new to the band . " a man far wiser than myself once referred to " 16 lovers lane " as ' the indie rumours ' " the liner notes say in this fantastic re-issue of the go-betweens ultimate set of songs . no truer words were ever spoken about this amazing set . why this album did n't spawn at least five top 10 singles is a mystery that will never be solved . but needless to say this is a fantastic set made even better by the wonderful packaging and extras included with this re-release for those of you unfamiliar with the go-betweens work , this was the consummate work of their 80 's heyday , for a great many reasons . the music is bright pop music , crystal clear , but in no way is it featherweight pop . the songs are beautifully arranged , every instrument , vocal , handclap , and anything else perfectly placed with not a note out of place , but this can be said of nearly every go-betweens release . the lyrics , plaintive ruminations on love , are clearly written by two songwriters / lyricists going through the opposite sides of relationships . i will not go into detail here as the liner notes tell the story , but the interplay within the band as these relationships play out are what drove the entire release . each lyricist , grant mclennan and robert forster , gets about half of the album 's lyrics , and that is what makes the cd special . images of the giddyness of new love ( " love goes on ! " ) are juxtaposed with images of love lost in such as way as to be almost shocking . " i 'm ten feet under water / standing in a sunken canoe / looking up at the water lillies / they 're green and violet blue / still the sun it finds / a place to light me " from " love is a sign " has to be one of the best descriptions of how it feels when a relationship falls apart that has ever been placed in song . these themes are repeatedly dealt with in different ways , from young lovers meeting and breaking up to the " old " love of couples with children ( " you ca n't say no forever " ) having a fight . the bonus material in this handsome double-disc set is truly welcome . the videos to " streets of your town " ( still undoubtedly the best song on this incredible collection ) and " was there anything i could do ? " underscore the relationships going on in the band while not seeming too terribly out of date . the bonus disc of outtakes and b-sides is also a fantastic addition to the set as it includes several songs that did n't make the final album cut but are presented as they were at the end of the recording sessions , being nearly complete but having that rough edge of a final demo . the real treat come with the acoustic " demos " that are included . " you wo n't find it again , " " apples in bed , " and " head over heels " are played only by mclennan and forster on acoustic guitars , providing for an intimacy that is unmatched anywhere . to top it all off , the packaging ( including an awesome essay by british songwriter andrew male ) is exquisite , providing detail on the circumstances surrounding the album as well as any pertinent recording information . this is " 16 lovers lane " as it was meant to be heard- -enjoy ! 
music pos 834.txt i have been a fan for jaci velasquez for the past eight years and enjoy hearing her voice in both languages . i do not speak spanish but enjoy her artistic abilities none the less . this album lived up to the velasquez name in my book - my family and i only really enjoy the traditional sounding christmas carols and tend to not enjoy the revised versions . jaci 's album not only made sure the carols were sung traditionally but she has given us a gift a couple new songs that will be added to my christmas traditions ! overall i love this album and the only reason i did not give it a full five stars was that i am done with that chipmunk song . sorry everybody . 
music pos 375.txt sidney bechet was one of the first real fathers of jazz . burns puts together a great combination of early recordings . jazz historions note bechet as one of the only horn players that could keep up with louis armstrong . you have to include bechet in your jazz collection , and this one is as good as any 
music pos 392.txt for anyone who loves trumpet music as i do , this album is a must . wynton marsalis has mastered twenty all-time favorite pieces with such brilliance , that no other trumpeteer comes near by comparison . opening with j . clarke 's , the king 's march , wynton proceeds to favor listeners with such baroque favorites as purcell 's entrada from " the indian queen , " j . clark 's the prince of denmark 's march and j . stanley 's trumpet voluntary . fantastic selections from bach , mozart , and haydn follow , with the album also including such delightful listening as the last rose of summer , carnival of venisee , and flight of the bumblebee . you wo n't be disappointed with this purchase 
music pos 257.txt this album came out about 8 years before i was born . all the years , i still remember turning on the classic radio stations that would play wbss or billie jean . now i know all the lyrics and music videos from this album . this is mj in his prime . unfortunately , we will never get another epic like this again . michael is sadly a target in the media , but he is still a great music icon whether you like him or not . every song off here is a classic . one song i thought was unneccesary was " baby be mine " . but otherwise , it 's excellent . if you starting an mj collection , get this album first . trust me . 
music pos 954.txt i bought this album when it was first released in the 70's . heaven and hell was hot item and passed through my senior school from ear to ear amongst ' those kids in the know ' in much the same way that a joint would these days . the movements build on a theme throughout the work and reflect the care that went into creating some classical overtures . only later in life could i get the similarities to carl orf and khachaturian . this is a real masterpiece and a snapshot in time of when prog really was prog . listen to it in full and then catalogue alongside camel 's ' the snow goose ' , the original ' tubular bells ' by mike oldfield , ' brain salad surgery ' by elp and finally ' snowflakes are dancing ' by tomita . please dont compare this work to the keybored pop , i chose my spelling , of the 1980 's if you enjoy vangelis , as i do , you might also want to listen to the compositions of ennio morricone , he is the man who wrote that great music that follows clint eastwood in the sergio leone spaghetti westerns . 
music pos 926.txt every singer ends up attempting sinatra eventually , but few manage so well... . john pizzarelli has been playing jazz guitar with his legendary father , bucky , since he was 6 years old . john 's latest album is dear mr. sinatra , on which he plays songs written for ol ' blue eyes... . the crooner is noted for his sensitive phrasing and powerful interpretative voice , which recall the relaxed stylings of nat " king " cole and chet baker , as well as for his fluid , inventive guitar playing . on this album of covers of songs made famous by frank sinatra , john pizzarelli wisely avoids the pitfalls of ol ' blue eyes imitations in favor of his own intimate approach , best heard on the set 's more relaxed arrangements . my highlights are the tracks " i 've got you under my skin " , " nice and easy " and " you make me feel so young " . both attention-grabbing and supportive , his expertly arranged big band accompaniment likewise evokes the ring-a-ding-ding of the rat pack era while steering clear of mere pastiche . with a total time just under 40 minutes , the program is a little short by cd standards , but the performances by john pizzarelli and the clayton-hamilton jazz orchestra in this warm tribute to frank sinatra are consistently of high caliber and hit the mark every time . 
music pos 905.txt herb alpert has done what few artists can do . he 's taken his seminal masterwork and transformed it into another entity that is equal to or may even surpass the original . i love the original " whipped cream " , but this cd is a masterstroke . combining alpert 's traditionally peppy music with downbeat electronica transforms it into a soothing , but never boring mix that continues to enchant the listener from beginning to end . unlike some of the purists , i loved this cd and you will too 
music pos 272.txt considering how much bad music is out there these days , this was nice to come across . covers a wide range of topics and moods , musicianship is pretty good . i 'd recommend it to just about anyone . my tastes are usually heavier and more progressive - rush , dream theater , iron maiden , queensryche . but i like this disc too 
music pos 78.txt the four seasons have always been one of my favorite groups . i think frankie valli has one of the best voices in the world and without the doubt the greatest falsetto in existence , and the rest of the group had harmonies that only the beach boys could match . nd for band that has had as any hits as them are destined to have a barrage of greatst hits collection . up until now , i always felt the best way to obtain all the four seasons ' best songs was by getting rhino 's single disc " the very best of the four seasons " . well , i was wrong . " in season : the frankie valli and the 4 seasons anthology " is the definitve four seasons collection . on these two discs , you find all the essential four seasons songs , including " sherry " , " big girls do n't cry " , " walk like a man " , " dawn ( go away ) " , " rag doll " , " let 's hang on ( to what we 've got ) " , " working my way back to you " , " opus 17 ( do n't you worry ' bout me ) " , " tell it to the rain " ( an often forgotten top 10 hit and my favorite four seasons song ever ) , " who loves you " and " december 1963 ( oh , what a night ) " . but the majority of the cd is a wealth of rarities , including many songs that were either album tracks , uncharted singles or frankie vali solo singles . plus , you get it for about $25.00 , which i consider fairly cheap for a cd with 51 songs . the 30+ page booklet is excellent , filled with track information ( chart positions , etc. ) , rare photos and an excellent essay written by pat sierchio . this is an absolute must have 
music pos 863.txt almost a classic in my book . we bumped this on the southside of chicago when this dropped . these two were like a west coast epmd because they blended perfectly . u could tell them apart easily because gangsta d had the eazy-e voice with the hard lyrics . while kk had a gruff voice and was a str8 clown . kk would say anything . once again the whole crew is on this one also : quik , hi-c , and amg . they had a tight click that just seemed to from voltron how they worked together . my favorites on this album are : if u want it , be true 2 yourself , let the rhythm , and just ai n't me ( kk solo ) . i still take hoodrats on " triple mmm shots " .....listen to the album to find the meaning . hotep ! ! 
music pos 214.txt this is the stuff that rap dreams are made of ! just like the movie itself , this cd is packed with moment after moment of perpetual rollercoaster type thrills that leaves the listener in a sheer state of funk frenzy ! the talent assmbled here is tops and just seems to keep coming at you so , get in , sit down , buckle up and shut the f&#k up because it 's about to get rowdy up in here ! 
music pos 224.txt this album marked a return of sorts to the old trademark isley brothers sound , and it 's off the hook.jam and terry , steve huff , rafeal saddiq , kelly and angela winbush all took their turns puttin ' it down , and that 's exactly what they did.from the time move your body kicks in until the very end this album is absolutely slammin' .highlights in my opinion are you desreve better , just like this , warm summer night and move your body.but the absolute highlight and ( in my opinion ) one of the most slept on songs of all times is the title cut eternal.that is one of my top ten isley brothers favorites of all times.the song kind of reminds me of make me say it again , and earnie showed all the way out on the guitar solo on that song.contagious even had a bit of the isleys sound and probably introduced them to a whole new audience.as a whole , i am extremely fond of this album 
music pos 618.txt i was thrilled to see this available on cd .......... it is the most delightful christmas ' album ' of it 's time & it continues to delight ! i purchased several and gave to friends for christmas - every single receipient was immediately thrilled to have this ' album ' on cd stating , ' this was my favorite , where 'd you find it ? " great gift 
music pos 276.txt i personally like this compilation of prince , it 's got most of the songs i like and the sound is great . sure , there could have been a few more songs included , like " pop life " , " hot thing " , but when compared to the other compilations , this disc has more of the songs that are a must-have , for me , such as " i wanna be your lover " , which i do n't think was included on any of the other compilations . so , it 's just a matter of weighing what songs you most want , so that 's why i chose this disc and i 'm glad i did ! 
music pos 378.txt i supposed i should not have been watching this movie when i was nine years old , but i remember seeing it several times via hbo . more importantly , my father bought the soundtrack and we used to listen to it over & over in the car . the songs stuck with me for years , and every know and then i 'll hear something out of context and i 'll be taken back to roadtrips with my family . it 's something that i wo n't think about for ages , but when i 'm reminded of it , i ca n't believe i do n't still have a copy of the soundtrack . i remember it had quiet and comforting songs mixed in with songs you could sing along too . it 's perfect for driving and just having on in the background 
music pos 906.txt i found this cd by browsing amazon and decided to give it a try . i am happy with all of the tracks . some tracks remind me of beatles a little , but not all , so the band does have a unique sound . even though from the 90s , the sound is like many bands making it today . i like it . 
music pos 632.txt i really like this cd a lot and i am looking forward to seeing them live 
music pos 663.txt brilliant , glorious music- -all of it , although i agree with those who have come to feel that the ellington / strayhorn version of & quot ; the nutcracker suite , & quot ; in particular , is an all-too-often-buried treasure that no christmas season should be without ( and if you can ignore it for the rest of the year , you have more willpower than i ) . what happens to tchaikovsky 's marvellous music- -and grieg 's , too- -in these hands is creative homage of the highest order : the music is re-imagined from the inside , in wholly jazz terms , in a way that simultaneously illuminates and completely reconceives the original . what balanchine did for tchaikovsky and stravinsky in dance , ellington here does for tchaikovsky and grieg in another realm of music , and leaves us with works that deserve to be every bit as loved and celebrated as their older and better-known prototypes . and to top it all off , you get ellington and strayhorn 's own superb & quot ; suite thursday . &quot ; listen and rejoice 
music pos 116.txt need to say more ? this is one of the most beautiful and honest records western popular music ever seen . she sings beauty , so lovely , as some fairy enchanting gnomes in a huge yet peaceful forest , away from the horrors of humanity . that alien feeling you 'll get it since its first five seconds and it will lasts till the end . druids of the world unite 
music pos 549.txt i have to say i was getting worried that john adams was becoming a has-been . el nino 's first half was much better than the second , i did n't particularly like transmigration and i defy anyone to listen to his 2001 piano work american berserk and tell me it 's any good . but after this release , i stand humbly corrected - - he 's still , in my opinion , america 's , if not the world 's , best living composer . dharma at big sur is scored for an electric violin and orchestra and uses a tuning system that 's not well-tempered . what really makes this work special is the way the electric violinist plays soulfully and beautifully above the orchestra for almost the entire work in a sliding style i 've never heard before in classical music . the first movement " a new day " with its quiet and contemplative opening really feels like it 's the creation of an entire universe . the climax of the second movement might be the most satisfying conclusion to any of adams 's works to date . dharma is an absolute masterpiece . my father knew charles ives is wonderful too , even if it 's not as powerful or moving as dharma . the work is both an homage to ives and a reflection of adams ' life . clearly , adams had a great childhood . the first movement , concord , is playful - - the clearest tribute to ives , since it 's sounds structurarlly similar to his fourth of july . the chaos in adams ' concord is a little more rigid than ives ' , but it 's still fun . the second movement , " the lake " , features a beautiful clarinet line that evokes the composer 's father . the scurrying of the last movement , " the mountain " , seems needlessly frenetic at times , but the cathartic ending that results of it makes the voyage worth it . my one bone to pick is with nonesuch . the two works together represent about 52 minutes worth of music - - an amount that many would already consider stingy on a single cd , especially when other works like guide to strange places go unrecorded . so why put these two works on 2 cds ? is it to justify the $20 sticker price ? an artistic statement to completely separate the two works ? it just seems silly . but it 's also forming a nasty pattern of sub-30 minute cds that really should stop . people want to hear the astonishing sound world that adams creates - - why try to limit it to 25 minutes at a time ? buy this disc , even if it 's split into 2 pieces . it 's the best of his works yet 
music pos 573.txt the rosary is very well produced . a powerful tool to crush the devils head 
music pos 456.txt the only problem with betty buckley is that she is n't nearly as well known as she deserves to be , considering the length and quality of her career . this album of somgs from her 1996 aids benefit concert at carnegie hall is simply flawless . naturally , it 's heavy on music from broadway , the london stage , and film scores , but she sings one mary chapin carpenter song , & quot ; come on , come on , & quot ; that comes from none of those sources and is guaranteed to give you chills every time you hear it . if you 're tired of recordings by singers of little talent and less style , listen to betty buckley for fifteen minutes and you 'll feel as if you 'd never heard real singing before . she is an original , and she has the best voice in theater of this or almost any decade 
music pos 323.txt great trip down memory lane . had forgotten that paul davis had recorded some of the songs . " i still go crazy " is one of the best songs ever 
music pos 219.txt this album sends mixed messages to the listener . some tunes are overally happy , some quite depressing . i can only explain it in parts : radio song - the first track of the album comes out quite upbeat and rollicking . a guest vocal from krs-one makes it quite a lively tune . puts you in the mood for a more green-style album . losing my religion - huh ? what 's this ? the album delves into uneasy angst as a troubled stipe spills problems out to the listener . the tortured riff holds out until the end , telling the listener this is n't quite like green or document.. . low - the depression lingers on . low is a tune sadened speech about the absence of love and how it can make you feel so low . my favorite on the album , i think it 's delicate and sad . my #1 downer tune . near wild heaven - another uneasy tune that has a touch of angst . deals with the apprehension of love . endgame - a curious tune . ca n't be interpreted either happy or sad , for it is instrumental . it could go either way , it 's written in a major key , yet the melody sounds sobered , almost as if it 's a requiem . shiny happy people - takes the listener up to a very uncomfortable level of happiness . a low point on the album , yet i interprate it by feeling uneasily happy after the anti-pastorial earlier tracks . belong - one track i do n't understand , yet enjoy and see it as a break from the main goal of the album . half a world away - ah , so beautiful . essentially about enjoying life 's finer moments at the expense of moments to come . truly happy , but still holds on to the softcore angst . texarkana - the lyrics and pulsing bass line make me draw conclusions that it 's about unfulfilled life goals . delves deeper into seeds of depression until.. . country feedback - the climax of saddness on the album . this song is excruciatingly sad . the melody , the lyrics.. . it kept me awake all night . one of the saddest songs i 've ever heard . me in honey - a powerful , joyous ending that basically sums up the fact the everything turns out ok in the end . this album is highly recomended . r.e.m. are an incredible band . 
music pos 583.txt i remember hearing of this band when i was just a lad , but i never owned any of their albums , and none of my closest friends played this for me , so this is a great discovery for me . i 'm only on my second listen , but it 's already obvious to me that this is going to become a favorite . it 's from my favorite rock period , the early seventies , and it 's not only nicely remastered , it 's also remixed , meaning they went back to the original multi-tracks , not the stereo master . i wish more reissues were done this way 
music pos 306.txt with a compelling story , great music , great lyrics , and two outstanding female leads , aida certainly delievers . right from the start with the goregous " every story is a love story " , the listener is captured by the wonderful spirit of the show . the seamless tranisition between ballads and showtunes is flawless . the three stars of the show each being something different to this recording . while adam pascal is always great , he 's the weak point on this recording . i much more prefer him in rent , and i do n't think his voice suits this show very well . sherie renee scott is teriffic as amneris , and her powerful voice fills this recording with the powerful opener and " i know the truth " . the star , however , is heather headley as aida . her tony-winning performance will be forever immortalized on this recording with big , raw , emotional , and powerful voice . she 's is perfect in every way 
music pos 806.txt this is a cd that one can listen to countless times . the virtuoso playing and beautiful tone produced by michael aptly display the characteristics of the euphonium . the selections are for college and graduate level players , as well as the occasionally & quot ; gifted&quot ; highschooler . a must hear , and a must buy 
music pos 695.txt i thought this album was good not great , but saying that i do recomend it to everyone because it does have some great songs it . the best songs on the cd to are . 2. comfortable liar 3. send the pain below 4. closure 5. the red 6. wonder what 's next and my favorite track is #2 it sounded so sweet , you will love that song 
music pos 527.txt and he know 's nothing about popular music and really should get back to work and stop sitting around convincing himself that he does . dumbass 
music pos 437.txt i must agree with the comments made by other reviewers . this album is great . nancy wilson 's voice on this album is unlike anything i have ever heard . you ca n't honestly say you 're a fan of jazz if you do n't own this 
music pos 113.txt too bad this group supported by keith sweat did n't go any further . i bought it for one song , but the whole cd is great for listening . lyrics contain songs about love and such , and i like they way speak about it . it gives you something to look forward to . 
music pos 405.txt this is a very well done record by 3 of raps most elite personalities . cube , dub , & mack definitely knew what they were doin when they made this record . the beats are amazing on all the tracks . this is one you can listen to straight through and not feel any need to hit the skip button . for me all these songs were hot from the first time i heard them . if you 're a fan of the whole west coast gangsta rap thing , you gotta have this ! my fav tracks are " all the critics in new york " , " do you like criminals " , " gangsta 's make the world go round " , " westward ho ! " , & " hoo bangin ' " ...although like i said , all the tracks are badass . peac 
music pos 957.txt the music contained trout mask replica is some of the most unique , acid-drenched art to ever be pressed . the songs on the album are mainly divided into folkish a capella tunes and the crazed jams the captain and his band are known for . several strange , unconventional themes are visited and revisted throughout the track list , such as bulbs , gingham , trout , and a variety of other surreal , sensously described wildlife . however , if there 's any reason to buy captain beefheart 's trout mask replica , it 's to listen to the album as a whole . i find it difficult to listen to any other way . while i find this to be true , i do have favorites that i go to when introducing friends to the captain , or simply jamming out to without dedicating myself to the full experience : " ella guru " , " dachaus blues " , " dust blows forward " , " neone meat dream " , and " old fart at play " stick out 
music pos 509.txt i caught sonny in a live performance this past november , so i got to hear at least 3 tracks off of his most current album...sonny please . he opened the set with a fiery " sonny please " which smoked for a good 15 minutes ( i believe that victor lewis was on traps that night so the percussion section helped do the driving ) . for a man approaching 77 years of age , i was impressed with not only sonny 's playing and gracious presence , but his stamina in performing two 40 - 50 minute sets...trust me , the man can still play ! this album may not be another " saxophone colossus " or " the bridge " , but it is a solid recording and should satisfy a majority of sonny 's fans . if you have no recorded music by this jazz legend , this cd is a respectable starting point 
music pos 994.txt toad the wet sprocket have to be one of the most underated bands of the ninties . they wrote some brilliant material and a lot of the songs on this album are very enjoyable . but , there are some strange ones that are do not appeal to my taste . my fave song is ' is it for me' . it is hard to classify them though . it sort of deep and meaningful ( at most times ) pop rock . other good tracks include walk on the ocean , pray your gods and i will not take...etc . i regard this album and ' dulcinea ' as their two best albums 
music pos 584.txt really enjoyed hearing all of them again . there is some great talent on here . i hope they all get their own opportunities ! i do think in some cases there are some better songs to show off these great singers voices . 
music pos 455.txt the performances for every sonata and every partita are wonderful . this is the kind of material one can expect from deutsche grammophon . wonderful music , a wonderful violinist , wonderful interpretations , and wonderful sound ( not just for its time ) . there are also very few " squeaks " and he is almost always right on pitch ! often called definitive , this is the one to get . highly recommended 
music pos 844.txt i ordered mine from here ( amazon marketplace ) a couple weeks ago , and i 'm a very happy camper . this is one of the best online purchases i 've made in a long , long time ! first of all , there are songs i 've never heard before , so by owning this compilation , it helps me get to know the band 's material , or siobhan 's own solo stuff much better . all the songs are very well-written and catchy . thanks to my best friend , he drew me toward 's ss 's music back in the 90 's with the " hormonally yours " cd . ss 's music was always something i pushed to the " back burner " because i did n't know what to make of it . but in the past 2 years , i 've focused on the new material from the " shakespears sister #3 " album...and it blew me away ! siobhan is a true musical genius ! " i do n't care " seems to be a differnt version . it 's much brighter & fresher-sounding than the album version . wow ! " hello ( turn your radio on ) is my favorite " ss " song of all time & also appears to be a different version . just hearing the first notes from it , my eyes got all teary . it 's just the way i am , regarding this song . the clock ticking at the end reminds me of a heartbeat or something . dark songs like this draw me near . lol the compilation is missing one song " bitter pill " . i wanted & hoped for this song to be released on the cd , but unfortunately it did n't make it . awwww ! the liner notes booklet is packed with all lyrics , cool photos and a fine page of background regarding the recordings of their albums . siobhan is one cool gal ! i love the front & back artwork , for it is both amusing , colorful & dramatic . i 'm a sucker for dramatic stuff like this . hopefully , siobhan will continue recording lots of new material , using the " shakespears sister " title . i despise the crap we hear on the radio nowadays . hopefully now that sf has released this package , the music will get more airplay . i like the nostalgic aspect of music from a decade ago , because it reminds us of how the music industry used to be non-commercial and fun . yes...it 's too bad that siobhan and marcella broke up , because their 2 uniquely different voices complimented one another . there has n't been a duo like them since ! my thoughts on the dvd.. . i love it ! the first & only video clip i 've ever seen from " ss " is " stay " . totaly blew me away since the first time i saw it . i 've always loved seeing siobhan as " death " , in her starry crown & black " glitzy " outfit . she makes the perfect female version of " death " . i could never understand the video until now , because i never had the chance to see the entire thing on tv . the other videos are equally great and draw me closer each time . i appreciate the " chaptered " menu for the videos . at least i know what 's from where . the dvd was put together very well , and is packed with great stuff . fortunately , my dvd player on the computer and the tv can play this all-region pal dvd . i have n't experienced any difficulties ( skipping tracks or anything ) . it all plays fine . actually , when i purchased this item online , the item description said " ntsc format ( usa & canada ) ...so that 's why i bought it . it may not apply to everyone 's purchase , though . disc one ( cd ) : 01 - you 're history 02 - heroine 03 - break my heart ( you really ) 04 - dirty mind 05 - waiting 06 - goodbye cruel world 07 - stay 08 - i do n't care 09 - hello ( turn your radio on ) 10 - i can drive 11 - excuse me john 12 - can u wait that long ? 13 - do i scare you ? 14 - white rabbit 15 - was it something i said ? disc two ( dvd ) : 01 - break my heart ( you really ) 02 - heroine 03 - run silent , run deep 04 - you 're history 05 - dirty mind ( remix ) 06 - the russian film ( featuring dirty mind & heroine live in leningrad 1988 ) 07 - goodbye cruel world 08 - stay 09 - i do n't care 10 - catwoman ( live ) 11 - my 16th apology ( edit ) 12 - hello ( turn your radio on ) 13 - i can drive additional features / info : - biography ( same as on 1st page of linernotes booklet ) - photo gallery with audio ( music ) - credits ( for videos ) - cd total playing time ( 62:03 ) if you 're an " ss " fan , this item is a must have ! regardless the price , it 's definitely worth owning ! thank you , amazon , for making this item available through your marketplace 
music pos 656.txt miss saigon is my favorite all-time musical ! i was hesitant when buying this recording because in my mind lea salonga is and always will be kim ! but i was pleasantly surprised . joanna ampil as kim holds her own . while she does n't have the vocal range of lea , she has a beautiful , crisp voice which she uses to emote the emotional turmoil of kim . she expresses herself in a way that makes you feel her love , pain and anguish and in turn she makes this part her own . the rest of the cast is superb ( especially the amazing ruthie henshall as ellen ) but make no mistake , this show belongs to ampil ! i also fell in love with some of the material left out of the lcr . there a beautiful bridges and songs which enrich the story . " back in town " stands out for me because of the gorgeous melodies . anyone who has fallen in love with the story of " miss saigon " will appreciate these added gems ! this cast recording is definitely worth a listen ! 
music pos 531.txt tunisian anouar brahem 's " le voyage de sahar " finds him in the same company - pianist francis courturier and accordionist jean-louis martinier - as 2002 's highly acclaimed " le pas du chat noir . " having toured in support of that cd , the trio developed into a true group , something that brahem accentuates to great effect on this program of new compositions and three favorites that are recast with the new ensemble . with " voyage " brahem continues a trend of creating music that is not as overtly " jazzy " as some of his earlier outings . nonetheless , he remains a master a crafting deliciously vivid , richly evocative compositions that distill arabic music and european jazz sensibilities with a warm , sonorous chamber music vibe . among the ports of call on this " voyage " are " zarabanda , " whose elegant lope recalls the french riviera . elsewhere the title track exudes mysticism tempered with intrigue , while " cordoba " and " ete andalous " are meditative pieces with a decidedly cinematic scope . the gentle bounce of " nuba " and introspection of " les jardins de ziryab " both include uncredited but effective passages of voice . rarely do you hear music this gorgeous 
music pos 714.txt like many before me , this " blue " beatles best-of served as my first , in-depth sampling of the beatles ' output from their post - 'revolver ' era from early-1967 onward.. . you could n't find a better 100+ minutes of music to listen to straight through than the superb 28 tracks that make up ' the beatles 1967-1970' . i bought this initially back in the winter of 1988 ( i was 18 at the time ) on cassette , and it changed my life . true ; the 2-cd version often retails at $34.00 , which is a bit much , but the material contained is beyond priceless. . about the songs . the songs ! ! there 's not a lame one among the batch of 28. what 's even cooler is that -even as the songs unfurl chronologically - they pack a flow to rival any of anyone 's favorite best-of albums.. . the flow of all 28 is remarkable.. . a fantastic mix of all their late ' 60 's #1 hits as well as choice album cuts ( " a day in the life " , " i am the walrus " ) ... seriously folks ; anyone who is feeling the itch to discover the beatles ' later output should get this " blue " best-of first , then graduate onto the studio albums themselves. . that 's what happened to me and i wound up ( so far ) buying all of the albums from ' rubber soul ' ( 1965 ) onwards.. . this blue ' 1967-1970 ' never disappoints . because the liner notes / inlay booklet does n't tell you which album each track is culled from , i 'll happily fill you in : disc one : 1. ) strawberry fields forever ( john in vocals ) 2. ) penny lane ( paul on vocals ) ( both originally released as a stand-alone single in early 1967 and both served as the first tracks recorded for what would be 1967 's " sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band " . however , the two songs were n't released on any beatles ' album until late-1967 's ' sgt. pepper ' follow-up ' magical mystery tour' . ) 3. ) sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band ( paul on vocals ) 4. ) with a little help from my friends ( ringo on vocals ) 5. ) lucy in the sky with diamonds ( john on vocals ) 6. ) a day in the life ( john and paul on vocals ) 3-6 from the legendary ' sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band ' ; 1967. 7. ) all you need is love ( john on vocals ) 8. ) i am the walrus ( john on vocals ) 9. ) hello , goodbye ( paul on vocals ) 10. ) the fool on the hill ( paul on vocals ) 11. ) magical mystery tour ( john on vocals ) 7-11 from ' magical mystery tour ' ; 1967 12. ) lady madonna ( paul on vocals ) 13. ) hey jude ( paul on vocals ) 14. ) revolution ( john on vocals ) 12-14 all stand-alone singles released in 1968. all were / are huge hits . sweet ! disc two : 1. ) back in the u.s.s.r. ( paul on vocals ) 2. ) while my guitar gently weeps ( george on vocals ) 3. ) ob-la-di , ob-la-da ( paul on vocals ) 1-3 taken from 1968 's double-album ' the beatles ' ( aka " the white album " ) . 4. ) get back ( paul on vocals ) ( originally recorded 1969 as a single and not released on album until 1970 's ' let it be' . twistedly , ' let it be ' was recorded prior to 1969 's final beatles ' studio album ' abbey road ' , but not released until later.. . ) 5. ) do n't let me down ( non-album b-side to the " get back " single ; john on vocals ) 6. ) the ballad of john and yoko ( non-lp stand-alone single ; john on vocals . one of the very few beatles tracks recorded with only john and paul playing all the instruments. . ) 7. ) old brown shoe ( b-side to " the ballad of john and yoko " ; george on vocals ) all of the hits plus some choice b-sides as well. . yeah ! ! 8. ) here comes the sun ( george on vocals ) 9. ) come together ( john on vocals ) 10. ) something ( george on vocals ) 11. ) octopus 's garden ( ringo on vocals ) ( all culled from 1969 's *true* final beatle masterpiece , ' abbey road ' ) 12. ) let it be ( paul on vocals ) 13. ) across the universe ( john on vocals ) 14. ) the long and winding road ( paul on vocals ) 12-14 from 1970 's ( actually recorded early 1969 ) ' let it be' . so there you go.. . 28 of the very best music ever to grace the world.. . ( seriously . ) please do yourself a favor and check out *any* beatles ' music . but a choice place to start certainly is here . have fun / enjoy / peace ! thanks for your time . tim goyer albany , ny usa 6 / 28 / 0 
music pos 377.txt i love this album . mc lyte is one of the best female rappers.how can someone not like her rap 
music pos 914.txt a true musical genius . take a blow get a zyr voduski and snapple lemonade and let the music cover you up . powerplus from the 70 's and 80's . tight lyrics and pop masterpiece arangements . go todd go 
music pos 760.txt bought this cd for my daughter , a new bill withers fan and she loved the whole collection ! it 's a great compilation of classic bill withers music 
music pos 629.txt even though mitchell wanted to feel reckless in this album , she accomplished one thing with her music : coming closer to weather report . it 's obvious she loved its jazz-fusion and admired jaco pastorious and wayne shorter so much to have invited them to reach their peaks , but as master musicians they could only achieved what joni allowed them to do . in " paprika plains " ( a song over 16 min . long ) joni unloads wonderful lyrics but only allows her group of pioneers to explode at the last two and half minutes . i would have hoped to hear a longer and more robust instrumental finish worthy of weather report 's reputation . over all the album is interesting because mitchell is not afraid of going out on a very tiny limb... . 
music pos 522.txt while photek was ( and still is ) reknowned for his minimalist approach to breakbeats and electronic sound , his approach changes significantly on & quot ; solaris . &quot ; starting off with the first three tracks , his beats still retain some of the stattacco nature of his earlier work ( especially on & quot ; modus operandi&quot ; ) , but sound more full , more resonant . the tracks where he wanders into the realm of house were quite repeditive , and despite robert owen 's wonderful efforts ( first time i 've heard him ) , they were lacking . the best track on the album , and one of the best photek works is definitely & quot ; infinity . &quot ; the rumbling bass really cuts right to the core , and reminds me a little of source direct . the trip-hop efforts are good for his first attempt at such music , but the more ethereal & quot ; halogen&quot ; left an impression . a wash of sound that previously parkes would be itching to rip apart with a snare roll , it comes off much better for the lack of any true form . not a great album , but solid and indicative of where photek would like to go in terms of his future works 
music pos 98.txt brian regan is simply a comedic genius . this cd is especially funny after having seen him live- -you can just picture his hilarious gestures and facial expressions ! he has managed to create a hysterical routine based on the silly stuff we 've all said / done / thought . while i too enjoy comedians who are more " cutting edge " , i do n't think a routine has to be peppered with profanity to be funny . this cd is well worth any price ; check out his dvd and his live show , too 
music pos 153.txt very different , very cool ! an awesome cd that all ages in my house ( from 13 to 68 ) really enjoy listening to 
music pos 125.txt i saw these guys live in the twin cities last week . they opened for keane and the zutons . these guys were definitely the best part of the show . they had great energy and actually looked like they were having fun . to top it off , they sounded great and their songs were well written . give these guys a shot , unless you hate rock ' n ' roll ! ! 
music pos 569.txt the clean kick-started the illustrious new zealand label flying nun in 1981 , providing a key blueprint for indie-rockers from australia ( the chills ) to california ( pavement ) . over this two-disc , 46-track set of rarities and essentials , the trio takes the chugga-chugga racket of the velvet underground and stretches it into an entire garage aesthetic of excited , rudimentary playing , shaky , kiwi-accented vocals and endearing melodies . disc one , as influential for the lo-fi sonics as for the songs , ends with the clean 's 1983 breakup . disc two spans their 1988 reunion and 1996 's unknown country , mining similar material with even more exciting ( and even better-sounding ) results . but by then , lots of bands were doing what the mighty clean had helped pioneer . 
music pos 217.txt buy it . now . stop reading . are you still reading ? ? ? ? okay , so i 'll tell you my reason why . reason ( s ) why . 5.1 sound . dts . different ( some versions better to my ears / psyche ) than the cd . flavor . beautiful production . did i mention dts - you gotta hear this in dts . and she and her band deserve and have earned every penny you could spend on her ( gratuitously inciting flaming ) . i am just hoping that she will give us the opportunity to have dvd 's covering her ' girl in the other room ' and her ' from this moment on' . 
music pos 452.txt i 'll begin by saying this is n't the only " ministry of sound chillout sessions " i 've heard , in fact i love the mos brand , so i can honestly say that every single compilation has it 's on flavour , from the " clubber 's guide to " to " the annual ( spring / summer / annual ) " which means , the previous and next instalments do n't necesarily match this review . with that being said : this particular compilation has a very elegant / european / underground feel to it . it 's indie electronica and some rock-gone-acid-jazz , and of course , it would n't be european without some house music . it 's fascinating that in the middle of an elephant-driven craze a song talking about taking a holiday so someone can love someone better starts to blend seamlessly . yes , it 's that type of record . it 's not pop , it 's not a ' greatest hits ' mash-up and it 's definately not boring . i remember the first time i heard it ( i was working graveyard shifts at that time ) i 'd listen to the first cd and it 'd make me fall sound asleep after the first half . it 's not a bad thing , it 's just very relaxing , very soothing to the soul ( specially the lior song " this old love " , which helped me get through a rather painful breakup ) overall , it 's that kind of session . it makes you think , it makes you apreciate it , it 's a ' life soundtrack ' from track 1 of the second disc ( " we all live and die " from kinda new ) giving you a morning starter to the soothing track " run ( jacknife lee remix ) " on the first disc which invites you to the promised dreamland . nothing you 'd expect from a regular mos compilation , everything you 'd expect from a really good chillout compilation . a must for any true chillout junkie 
music pos 603.txt this is by far one of the most beautiful recordings made by the bill evans trio . this was i 'm told bill 's first all ballads record . riverside records released it on vinyl way back in 1962. none of the music sounds dated . considering it 's 41 years old . this is the first recording bill made with chuck israels taking over for the late scott lafaro as the bass player . this album has a very haunting and romantic feeling to it . the music is sad in tone and suggests feelings of longing and sobering reflection . one goal that bill always strived for was to ballance intellect with passion to make intelligent and original sounding jazz . i dont even know if jazz is the right stamp to put on this recording . to me it sounds more like european classical music . also thank god for bill 's college music theory teacher at southeastern university gretchen magee . because if it werent for her motivation {evans often thought of his work as unsatisfactory and sometimes needed alot of motivation from from bandmates and peers} he might not have composed his gorgeous original composition " very early " {which is the last track on the cd its just breathtaking...}being an amature pianist myself , " very early " and " childrens play song " were the first two evans ' compositions i taught myself to play . the piece is a composition played in c major at a slow waltz tempo . he played the tune until the end of his life in 1980 , but the original version on " moonbeams " might be the all around finest one . it is given a very slow and delicate treatment , and when he restates the theme at the end you can almost feel an imagrey of leaves or snow falling gently around you . i also really like his interpretation of " it might as well be spring " . i think that bill evans was a beautiful person and pianist because he was never flashy and this album proves that . he didnt play anything he didnt have to . he always played just the right amount of notes and chords . with this record it all comes together coherently to make a truly stunning musical statement . evans once told tony bennet to forget everything else and just concentrate on " truth and beauty . " with the album " moonbeams " fans of evans ' music and important legacy will clearly be able to hear his own truth and beauty about life glowing from this gorgeous album . highly recommended 
music pos 271.txt this album is the foudation of modern hip hop...the format of the album the presence of rakim ....his image everything was new territory when this album came out in 86 ' all hip hop lovers should have this album especially people down south 
music pos 886.txt i have been following gospel since the early 80s . i am a big fan of contemporary gospel and shei atkins defines how r&p gospel should sound . trinitee 5:7 along with dawkins & dawkins have done a great job so far , but shei atkins covers it all- -relationships ( cheating , divorce , pre-marital sex ) ; worship ; hymns ; enocuragement ; you name it and she has a song for it . i just bought the cd and i ca n't take it out of my cd player ! ! her voice is so annointed and unique ! she can easily give beyonce , erykah badu and mary blige a run for their money ! she can easily be played on mainstream radio and everyone would be bobbin ' their heads to it- -yet she has no problem mentioning jesus in any of her songs ! for those christians who are looking for something that they can groove and relax too ( with some anointing ) please buy this cd- -i promise you that you wo n't be disappointed ! i can literally listen to every song on this cd over and over again 
music pos 56.txt it 's sometimes hard to think there are really anymore pleasing melodies out there , but thank halstead & co . for proving me wrong . i am happily pleased with their latest , and very eagerly awaited , effort . instead of the depths of melancholia and loveliness on , say , out of tune , they give us 41+ minutes of what seems like basically " it 's good , everything 's going just way ok.. . " it 's happy . maybe i 'll hear a lyric later that says something else , but for those for whom music is the priority , you ca n't go wrong with this considered and experienced and artful pop . four and a half stars 
music pos 616.txt hard , smart , creative funk can be a hard pursuit in life these days . even with the age of the reissue firmly upon us , finding a decently accessible funk album can be a real biyatch . thankfully , " secrets , " under the usually readily available columbia jazz header is probably just sitting there in your jazz section pleading with you to pick it up for $9.99. should this be a hard decision ? emphatically : no . although i can see where previous reviewers are coming from , trying to compare this outing to headhunters is truly unnecessary . with this ' 76 effort herbs is definitely toeing the fine line between jazz , funk and disco but it all works . " doin it " is a super , super heavy funk jam and sounds like it was culled from the " man-child " sessions . and although " gentle thoughts " can be interpreted as a dated sound it probably stands as my favorite rip on the album . it 's got a great walking bassline and super funky breakdown and , as always , herbie dancing on the keys . go get " secrets , " do n't think about it . it 'll always be an easy go-to funk bomb just when you need a little infusion 
music pos 909.txt 3rd force 's new cd & quot ; force field&quot ; is their first new cd in a few years . the track & quot ; revelation of the heart&quot ; sets the tone for this wonderful recording . a must have to add to your collection 
music pos 913.txt this is the best " cover " album i have ever seen or heard in my life . a wonderful selection of material and a reflection of agnetha 's great judgment of how best to pay tribute to her favorite , and most influential , musical artists . her voice is absolutely flawless and just as powerful ( and pure ) as her days of old with abba . it would have sold well with the right kind of promotion such as touring which i read she had planned at one point . unfortunately , she had to cancel any such ideas . i would travel anywhere in the world to see her live just once in my life , whether it be to listen to any of the catchy tunes from this album or anything previous . we can only hope the day will come that she will do a live show again for us adoring and anxious fans . it 's certainly not out of the realm of possibility . it is neither an impossibility that agnetha record subsequent material in the not too distant future as this album without a doubt indicates she has so much great music left in her soul to share with the world 
music pos 470.txt this is beck 's coming of age album . " loser " was a single that was designed from the bottom up to be a hit single and " mellow gold " landed beck right smack center of mainstream pop culture for an entire generation . his earlier recordings , featured in an album entitled " one foot in the grave , " were evidence enough of his musical genius . " mellow gold " might have represented an electro-acoustic adolescence for beck . if that 's the case , then " mutations " was his rite of passage , a moment of maturation that moves beyond the playful tongue-in-cheek wittiness of his previous album . " mutations " has dark , brooding moments with haunting melodies . his lyrics inspire curiosity and sadness . in one song , he sings , " looking back on some dead world , that looks so new . " we ca n't always be sure of his references or implications , but the music in this album is fascinating and darkly beautiful . his ambiguity of language is infectious and the compositions that he rests his words in are dynamic and graceful . with " mutations , " beck has secured an important place in music history . this is a body of work that really goes far beyond album sales and radio play . the arrival of this album shows us an artist finding a moment of clarity and touching the world with his craft . 
music pos 992.txt i 've been waiting for this one.this disc and this group period was funky.movin was one of the baddest instrumental jams that i 've ever heard period.can you see the light is a tight jam as well.one of the many bad groups from back in the day 
music pos 11.txt just lay back and listen . brian wilson never misses a note . his voice was one of the natural wonders of sixties pop . his composing and arranging skills are without peer and he even plays some awesome bass ( the slow middle eight section on & quot ; would n't it be nice&quot ; ) on this album . these songs are the sound of former teen idols settling into adulthood and feeling both excited and uncertain . recorded with a large selection of musicians and sung heartbreakingly well by the beach boys themselves , this is a true pop magnum opus . the best tracks are the gorgeous & quot ; you still believe in me&quot ; , & quot ; do n't talk ( put your head on my shoulder&quot ; ) , the title cut , and the tear inducing & quot ; caroline no&quot ; . instead of trapping you outside his pain and insecurity , brian wilson invites you into his world and lays his soul bare with a suite of songs that have n't aged a day since 1966. the more you listen to & quot ; pet sounds&quot ; , the more it 's beauty envelopes you 
music pos 747.txt the title says it all , im so happy i bought it and i listen to it all the time : 
music pos 519.txt hermann baumann is one of the greatest horn players ever and he shows why he has been given that honor on this cd . i do n't think that there is recording of the haydn concerto that even comes close to this masterful performance , even better than tuckwell's . the cadenzas are absolutely awesome . i have n't listened to the rosetti before but baumann sounds excellent in this concerto as well . clevenger plays ok on the haydn but his articulation is a little sloppy . i 'm a saxophone player but i can recognize true musicianship when i hear it and baumann certainly is a brilliant musician . highly recommended 
music pos 684.txt excellent 24 track compilation of this surperb psychedelic dutch band . each tune was a single sometime between 1965-69. these guys are not to be confused with a u.s. band from the same era of the same name . cuts that make this cd a true keeper are " sun 's going down " , the tripping " feel like i wanted to cry " , " keep on trying " , the familiar sounding " touch " and " ballad of john b " . this is yet another band i 've heard at least one or two tracks on the rhino release of ' original artyfacts : nuggets ii ' 4-cd box set.should appeal to fans of pretty things , q65 , early beatles , creation and the action.a must-have 
music pos 967.txt dj shadow is in my honest opinion one of the most overlooked artists in music today . threading the thin line between commercial and underground , and finding his niche somewhere in between ( as unkle says , the middle ground between light and shadow ) dj shadow continues to impress with every release he puts forth . i was fortunate enough to pick this album up right after its release , and actually purchased it before i bought endtroducing , which is by far dj shadow 's best album , and one of the best albums ever made . by sampling elements from just about anywhere shadow combines elements from our pop culture to create mini-movies of his songs which few artists can touch in terms of sheer production value , and the emotional effect that is created while listening to his music . i am actually glad i bought this album before endtroducing as it has given me the time to truly appreciate this album for what it is ; a work of art , and a continual growing of shadow 's talents . had i bought endtroducing before this and writtwn a review i 'm sure i would have garnered it with a 4 star review , but that is simply not the case here . while endtroducing is always going to be leaques above and beyond this album , josh davis has found a way here to go above and beyond what should be expected of an album , and given us an album that i 'm sure years from now i will still find elements in it that will grow even more on me with time . best enjoyed while driving or relaxing at home ( possibly with a little mary in tow , if you know what i mean ) , the songs fluctuate with peaks and valleys of highs and lows , and the beats are flawless , especially when compared to a lot of the mainstream garbage that is put out in the record industry on a regular basis . see the thing is that shadow bases his music upon how he feels , and artists that do this correctly achieve an emotional reaction from their music that the true artists of our world truly achieve . radiohead for example has a way of doing this , and it is not surprising then that one of dj shadows favorite artists is radiohead , they both fuse these elements into their music , and achieve monumental status in my opinion . the package design is equally well done as well showing an artists eye for presentation , and a graffiti influenced design to the overall package . if you enjoy this album then i highly recommend any of shadows works : endtroducing , preemptive strike , the private press , and in tune and on time , which is a live set recorded in support of this album . unkle is also a well thought out album which bridges the gap between hip-hop , rock and techno , with guest appearences by mike d of the beastie boys , thom yorke from radiohead , and others from throughout the music industry . if you 've never heard of dj shadow before , then i must say that you are missing out , if you are at all interested in underground music , do yourself a favor and pick up any of shadow 's albums or collaborations , i guarantee you will extremely impressed , as with any good album the songs have a way of growing on you over time . peace out 
music pos 254.txt without getting too much into it this album is pretty good . 4 stars for some bad ass tracks . my favs are tears from the moon , beautiful things , as the rush comes . all in all worth the money 
music pos 16.txt this album sparked the so-called " neo-soul " movement years before it was adopted by other artists . back in early 1986 everything was about synthesizer overkill and prince broke the music back down to its roots . this concept was later used by tone tony toni , brand new heavies , and d'angelo . 
music pos 825.txt what 's more to say about what may be the best " rock " album ever ( especially if you consider the " my kingdom " ep to be the second disc in a two disc set ) ? the most emotionally wide-ranging album from one of the best bands ever . who else has ever made music like fsol ? the beatles and fripp&crimson are the only possible contenders . i 've never heard anything that does a better job of juxtaposing the terrifying and the unbearably beautiful . if i could pinpoint the one disinguishing feature of all fsol / aa releases , it would be ( as a line in " the isness " goes ) " ...[a longing for] inexhaustible ecstasy . " it 's all the more poignant on this album because of its being interwoven with themes of terror , paranoia and a sense of unrecoverable loss of something without which life is n't worth living . it sounds hokey , but just opening up the booklet while listening to " her face forms in summertime " and reading the scrawled message " things are getting f* &ked up round here " makes my eyes a little watery . my cd developed a 2 second glitch and i just ordered another one- -this is so incredible that nothing less than perfection will do . just a few points of note : if you 're wondering why you spent all that money on your two channel stereo and you have n't heard this album yet , pick it up and turn it up . i 've heard recordings with more bottom end and slam , but none with more depth , nuance and musicality . i 've also found that one of the true tests of a masterpiece is whether it 's possible to really enjoy listening to anything else after its over . play coltrane 's " ascension , " beethoven 's string quartet in a minor op. 132 , or bruckner 's ninth and see what i mean . i played dead cities last night and everything to which i tried to listen sounded hopelessly trivial afterwards . in the early 80s , a lot of my friends used to speak of the clash as " the only band that mattered . " at the time , i did n't think any band had mattered all that much since ' 72. to my now-much-older ears , fsol fits that description more accurately than any band to the last 35 years , and this is probably their best work ( every single one of them is a desert island disc , however ) . one of the very few utterly timeless classics of modern music , and a record that belongs in the collection of anyone with ears . 
music pos 311.txt for real , you gotta give this man props . i repect him and his music , but it 's not my style . he still managed to make this a good album , so it 's all good . much repect . 
music pos 134.txt for those who have only heard the hits this is a fine addition for your collection . bruce and the boys were young and completely up to the task of handing out the long jams you find here . the title sums up the overall feeling of the songs . there 's a certain joy and a ton of fun to be had . put this on one nice warm spring day and see if it does n't lift your mood . caution : must be listened to while drinking a cold domestic beer 
music pos 107.txt i read some of the other reviews before i submitted this . i do n't see how someone could get upset over the liner notes . redd does n't include danny gatton as an influence because he did n't listen to him . as far as other reviews concerning tone and the lack of fire , well , i do n't even know how to address that . redd has one of the best tones i 've heard on the tele and his note selection is what sets him apart from other pickers . ever hear of diarrhea of the guitar ? well , you wo n't get that on this cd because redd does n't play something to just play it . this cd showcases redd 's versatility from country , to swing , to blues , to rock , it has it all . if you like good pickin ' , then by this cd 
music pos 495.txt i went through a painful final separation from the love of my life when this cd was released in 1997 , and i identified with every song . i listened to this cd over and over for several months . i saw kim at the & quot ; house of blues&quot ; in hollywood during that time and sang along to every song . this cd is my favorite & quot ; bitter sweet&quot ; cd of all time . i love you , kim 
music pos 473.txt with freddie backed by herbie , ron carter , and tony williams.this is high-flight crisp and inspiring music.worthy of repeated listenings . listen and enjoy.williams is over the top , very creative and will continue to suprise you with his unceasing inventiveness.i 've always noticed how carter and williams really spur hancock on as you will notice in this set.hancock , one the the truly great pianist of post-bop era , sounds like he is his having the time of his life.it does n't get much better than this . 
music pos 676.txt this is their best studio album . what more can i say ? brokedown palace may be the most beautiful rock song of all time . a must 
music pos 755.txt from the manic whirlwind prelude to the shocking cake and sodomy , portrait of an american family is an album that stands on its own two feet as being catchy and memorable . cake and sodomy dishes out the obscene gestures , lunchbox is told with a twist of humor , organ grinder is pleasing vocally , cyclops is addictingly wild , get your gunn is catchy ( if not overly insulting ) , dope hat is great and fierce , and my monkey is hysterically enjoyable . snake eyes and sissies is another winner , easy to get lost in . the rest all work to varying degrees , though not as appealing . every song on this album is worth listening to , from fast paced and rock style to techno overload . 
music pos 462.txt i really like this new singer , he has a style all of his own . i recently bought his new cd " a swingin ' time " and i also had to have this , his first cd offered on amazon . i 'm really hooked on monte procopio 's unique approach to these classic songs , ca n't wait for more 
music pos 53.txt this is not only brian eno 's best album , but one of the finest albums ever made- -a work of simple beauty , complex intelligence , and imagination. . 
music pos 322.txt guys , if you 've got feelings for tim , you 're gonna love this one . if you know anything about honest to god country music , this is what you look for . this guy is extremely good and his music fits 
music pos 768.txt i got the lp version of this album as a christmas present in 1988. i immediately fell in love with it . she sings about issues such as unemployment and poverty which were rampant during the reagan years ( " talkin about a revolution " , " fast car " ) . but she offered hope that things would get better as we approached the 90s , which they did . " mountains o things " was about the materialsim of the 80s . other issues she covers are racism ( " across the lines " ) and domestic abuse ( " behind the wall " ) . even though this album is almost 20 years old it does not sound dated , as the messages are just as relavent today as they were in 1988. i bought the cd version in 1992 and i never get tired of listening to it . all of the songs are good but my favorite ones are " talking about a revolution " , " fast car " , " baby can i hold you " , " mountains of things " , " why " and " for my lover " . 
music pos 249.txt we started playing this for our one year old when we were driving on a short trip out of town . as babies sometimes do , she began screaming and was unconsolable.. . until we turned on rocket ship beach . polly wolly doodle calmed her right down and continues to do so . we played that song at least 6 times in a row that day ! now that she 's a little older , she points to the cd player in the car if something else is playing , requesting her cd be played . i 've always enjoyed a wide range of music , and was afraid that after having a child , we 'd be reduced to listening to watered down " kid music " like that purple dinosaur and those australian guys . there is a mixture of classics reimagined and new songs that i find myself humming all of the time . there is a good variety of instrumentation and styles . our daughter claps at the end of her favorites and often waves her arms about . got kids ? buy this cd ! 
music pos 388.txt back in the 70 's and 80 's , i listened to a really great radio station , wsgs in hazard , kentucky . from my home in flat gap , virginia , and anywhere in the region , it was well known that if you wanted real country music , you simply had to turn on wsgs . 100 , 000 watts of pure , monophonic country music . i 'm not talking about the big hats of nashville , or the gussied up ladies who pose as country singers these days . no , it was the real thing , including local and regional bluegrass , gospel , hiccup preachers , loretta lynn , lefty frizzel , merle haggard , bill monroe , grandpa jones , and countless others . when i listen to this pattly loveless release , i think she must have been listening too . it sounds just like the typical afternoon group of selections on old wsgs . only better , because patty is from our time , and seems to have that old time , mountain shout-it-out style much like many of those who came before . she reminds me a bit of wilma lee cooper . what a voice ! if you have never heard of these early country artists , and you like the way patty does it up here , it would be good to go back and see where she learned all this great music from . this is the real thing 
music pos 864.txt these tunes may not immediately remind you of steve miller but his talent is not belied . it 's some really peaceful music . great to turn on just at bedtime and drift off to la la land 
music pos 481.txt this guy is amazing . i keep playing this for people and they love it and tell me they have never heard anything like it . i even got a huge discount at the auto shop for just having this cd . after the mechanic took my car from the parking lot and listened to one minute of this , he came in and said " that sounds crazy ! you have to let me copy this " after getting a nice chunk of cash taken off my bill , this cd already paid for itself and never collects dust . i know everyone compares clark to aphex twin , boards of canada , and autechre , but for good intentions . he is already that good , after just a few releases 
music pos 819.txt i was first touched by pavarotti 's voice as a teenager in the early 80 's when i saw a pbs special of this concert on television . the power of his voice and his personality are incomparable . his rendition of ave maria is especially touching . i would recommend this as a first buy for anyone who is new to the operatic experience , as i was so many years ago 
music pos 246.txt i bought this cd after i 'd watched the movie the first three times . the music is wonderful . i bought it specifically for the song they sing in the church scene - " i do n't care to stay here long " and i want it played at my own funeral way out there in " someday " . you ca n't hear it without smiling and the words are much easier to understand on the cd than in the movie . but just in case , here 's the first foot-stompin ' verse : fare - - well , vain world ! i 'm going home . my savior smiles and bids me come and i do n't care to stay here long . bright angels beckon me away to sing god 's praise in endless day and i do n't care to stay here long . right up yonder ! christians , away up yon-der . oh , yes my lord , for i do n't care to stay here long 
music pos 718.txt after leaving ( or being dismissed from ) pink floyd in 1968 due to his lsd use & erratic behaviour , singer / songwriter / guitarist syd barrett re-emerged in 1970 with his debut solo album , " the madcap laughs . " the album did not come easy , as syd never fully recovered from his drug use , and it clearly shows in his ragged performances on " madcap laughs . " producer malcolm jones did what he could with syd for about half of the album , before handing the production reigns over to barrett 's former floyd mates roger waters & david gilmour to finish the job . throughout the album , bum notes are played , beats are missed , and barrett sings off-key . and on the rocker songs , the session players ( from the group the soft machine ) sound like they are struggling to keep up with syd , who could hit a rough patch at any moment . for any other artist , this would all be nothing short of disastrous . and yet....in the case of syd barrett , any and all mistakes are immediately forgiven . why ? because barrett 's songs on " the madcap laughs " are all wonderfully written , and although syd 's voice and guitar-playing are obviously not in tip-top condition , you can plainly hear on this album that he 's trying . he 's really , really *trying* to do his best , and his efforts really do shine through . for every bum note there 's a passage that syd plays beautifully , for every missed beat there are many beats that are hit right on schedule , and for every note that syd sings off-key , there are many moments where his very distinctive , british voice is magical . and of course , there 's syd 's lyrics . you may not know what all of them actually *mean* , really , but to my ears , they 're still poetry . the rockers are still powerful ( " no good trying , " " no man 's land , " the rockabilly fun of " here i go , " and the classic " octopus " ) , and the softer numbers still have great beauty to them ( " terrapin , " the passionate " dark globe , " the effective " golden hair " - --based on a james joyce poem- --and " long gone " ) . even the more ragged numbers like " feel " and " if it 's in you , " somehow still hang together quite well ( amusingly , we even hear some brief banter from syd in the middle of " if it 's in you , " as his voice goes wildly off the map , he stops playing , prepares for another take , and finally gets through the song ) . when all is said and done , " the madcap laughs , " warts and all , is an excellent album . it is a flawed masterpiece , and it shows that syd barrett , even with his mind irreversibly fractured by this point , was still a genius musician . 
music pos 647.txt solas ' previous cd & quot ; words that remain&quot ; is a classic in irish traditional music and the loss of karan casey certainly affects their sound on this album . however , instrumentally they are incredibly strong and as inventive as ever and deirdre scanlon is a gifted singer with a wide range of styles . i do n't think the choice of tracks is quite so strong but it is a powerful performance of a very high order of music . the instrumental playing at times leaves you breathless and the energy levels are very high . there are some lovely songs - i like & quot ; bonnie mae&quot ; and & quot ; miner 's life&quot ; in particular and & quot ; i will remember you&quot ; is an original gem . i am disappointed to hear critics complain of the lack of & quot ; traditional&quot ; music on the cd and about the use of & quot ; rock&quot ; instruments . based on those criteria the only instruments tolerated would be harp , uillean pipes , wooden flute and fiddle ( tin whistle ( flageolet ) , guitar , mandolin , bouzouki , accordion and banjo being modern , foreign invaders ) and what a pity ! what defines traditional - is it pre-planxty ? can no more traditional songs be written ? seamus egan and co have done their apprenticeship in the rigorous disciplines from the book of traditional music ( rhythm and melody ) and have enriched it with a new chapter . in general i agree that bass and percussion is often unnecessary but in this case the augmentations are tasteful and generally effective . i would also highly revcommend liz carroll 's & quot ; lost in the loop&quot ; although if you 're a purist it has the solas rhythm section playing on it and features many of liz 's & quot ; brand new&quot ; traditional tunes ( brilliant ) 
music pos 288.txt earlier , i had an lp called " best of the band " that was 10 cuts and maybe 35 minutes . this is 18 well chosen cuts and double the length . there are a lot of " best of / greatest hits " type collections from veteran artists that originally came out in 70 's or early 80 's that had a limited number of songs and length . this is a case where the record decided to offer more songs and give the customer a better value for their money . the music itself is 5 stars and they were a major artist due to the fact that they had 3 very good but very different lead vocalists handling the vocals . it gives the music a lot more variety and they put out a lot of fine music in their 1968-76 prime . as an aside , 3 of the band members ( helm , danko , and hudson ) also put out some good music in the 1990 's 
music pos 610.txt it 's a testament to the noncomformity of the era that xtc 's quirky debut album had the band initially lumped in with the late 70 's first wave of british punk rock . those were different times , after all . you could n't find a teen punk these days who could make head nor tails out of the herky-jerky , spastic wit of & quot ; white music&quot ; . come to think of it , not many people could make much sense of it back then , either . andy partridge 's elastic vocals refused to clearly enunciate any words with more syllables than & quot ; pop&quot ; , and barry andrews ' keyboards were more an attempt to interrupt rather than complement each song . nevertheless , the album worked . it rocked in its own art-damaged way , and fearlessly toyed with the sacred relics of the previous generation . that lone strum of a single chord at the beginning of the fab four 's & quot ; hard day 's night&quot ; was cleverly appropriated for the intro to & quot ; this is pop&quot ; . a few songs later dylan 's & quot ; all along the watchtower&quot ; got twisted into ominous goofball paranoia . there may have been more intense punk artifacts from the class of ' 78 , but not many were anywhere near as smart as & quot ; white music&quot ; 
music pos 653.txt if you are a fan of oscar peterson this belongs in your collection 
music pos 655.txt sorry , ya just ca n't replace michael hutchence . this is a great overview of all of their greatest hits . i am not a huge fan of greatest hits cds b / c people tend to buy them and , therefore , miss all of the excellent songs that were n't released as singles . all inxs cds are worth buying separately . but , if you must.....this will work 
music pos 491.txt this was the first queen album that i ever had so getting it on cd is great . " sheer heart attack " is an overlooked queen gem 
music pos 61.txt umm...i do n't think you quite got the point of this album . it is not about the artists that you like , it is about the artists that inspired moore . your ignorance forces me to do nothing but laugh . i find it funny that you feel you are making a point by saying " f*ck you soad " and so on . have some respect for other 's opinions . unfortunately , you are a steriotypical " ignorant american " .so with all that said , and with all due respect , i say , f*ck you pal 
music pos 193.txt after watching the movie walk the line , i wanted to hear more of johnny cash . all these years ( 35 of them ) i always thought he was just a slow folk singer . his music is non-stop foot tapping soul grabbing stuff . he toured with elvis presely and jerry lee lewis . he inspired musicians like bob dylan . i am so glad i bought this cd . it 's the best purchase i made all year . 
music pos 660.txt this is roxys last gasp...i mean " wheres eddie jobson ? ? " actually this really a good recording , its just that the first 5 roxy music albums were so flawlessly perfect that its hard to stand up against that level of perfection...anyway..with that said...i have no idea why they took off the great rock version and put the disco-fluff version of angel eyes , which is hard to find on cd . this , to me is really the last roxy music album , because you just cant have roxy music without paul thompson...sorry . i mean avalon and the others are nice pieces , but they really should have been bryan ferry solo albums because andy and phil are really playing more as session players there 
music pos 414.txt marias and srayle , if you like the guaraldi original then keep it and chuck the winston , personally , i think the winston performance is refreshing and a delightful ' twist ' on guaraldi 's works . the piano is brillaint sounding and at volume , thru a good system sounds like there 's a piano in the room . it should be emphatically understood , you are buying winston in this case , and not guaraldi . i have both versions 
music pos 371.txt comparing gogol bordello and juf is like comparing apples and oranges . i have seen gogol live more times than i have fingers and toes to count on . when i bought juf i did not expect to hear anything remotely resembling a gogol album . this is a dancehall album . you like it or you do n't , but just remember it is a side project . it does not make any sense to compare it to other gogol albums . listen before you buy 
music pos 779.txt i do n't own this cd . i do n't have to own it to review it , because this music is the soundtrack of my high school years . i lived this music . i listened to it while cruising the local shopping center indulging in - er - various activities . half of the bands on this cd i had the privilege of seeing perform live in the 70s . this is what fm radio sounded like back then . every single song on this cd was well known to me and my friends . yes , even black oak arkansas ( hot and nasty ! ) , nazareth ( get hair of the dog cd for more ) , and the runaways ( hot babes ! ) . oh , and i love the movie too . party on , dudes 
music pos 277.txt i owned the album as a kid.......i enjoy it as much now as i did then 
music pos 47.txt joan . you do n't love me . because i 'm a guy . but i have loved you since 1976. ok so i 'm an old man ( age 43 ) . so what . she 's just the best rock and roll female on the planet . i like the young ones like sahara hotnights and the donnas as well but they just do n't measure up to joan born to be bad jett . this album - like most of her other albums - consists of a mix of old and new songs . does n't mattar . i love it . and the video.. . well it confirms what we have always known . not that it matters . the music matters 
music pos 356.txt everyone has their favorite beatle . some people love to complain about paul 's solo music , comparing it to john's . the fact is that each of the beatles had their own style , and together they had a magical symbiosis . separately they each pursued a solo career that simply solidified what we already knew . so paul 's music is light hearted ? maybe even silly ? sure , but if you are like me and enjoy each beatle for what they brought to the group , then this is a wonderful album . no you wo n't find deep soul searching here , just fun ! and fun is what this album has in abundance . so if you want to curse paul for his naivet , do n't buy this album . if you loved the beatles , and enjoyed each one for their individual talent , this is a fun solo album . in my humble opinion it is paul 's best solo album , as he really spreads his " wings " and you can hear the sense of freedom coming through loud and clear . later albums seem to become too engineered , and never seem to have the same energy that this album has . 
music pos 467.txt i do n't know where this guy gets off saying that the drummer , jorge rossy , and the bassist , larry grenadier , & quot ; are competent but do nothing overtly interesting&quot ; . jorge incredible groove , use of space , and musicality is as good as one could ask for , and grenadier 's huge warm tone , amazing time , and great thematic development is unparalleled by other bassists of his generation 
music pos 152.txt this is a great classic rock cd including some timeless songs . if you like " summer breeze " as much as i do and have not heard the remix of it yet , you are in for a pleasent suprise . a remix album came out in november of 2004 called " what is hip " and in my opinion is the best remix album of 70 's music that i 've ever heard . their version of " summer breeze " is near perfect . a modernized , but not over the top version that manages to preserve the true melody of the song with out removing the original rhythm . the entire album is great too . i have this " greatest hits " and the " what is hip " cd and simply ca n't get enough . here 's a link to the cd . enjoy . http : / / www.amazon.com - - what is hip 
music pos 526.txt the title track is one of the best country songs ever performed proving the talents of hank as a true caftsman when it comes to song writing . fitting that category as well are outlaw women , and women i 've never had . hank also lends his southern rockin ' style to white lightnin ' written by j.p. richardson a.k.a. the big bopper . what bocephus album would be complete without at least one tribute to his father ? hank serves up a whopper here along with waylon jennings in a classic called the conversation . in a time , much like today , when country was straying from it 's roots hank finds a way to keep the southern bluesy traditions alive on all ten cuts of this must have country album 
music pos 394.txt this album gives me goosebumps . i got it because of eric dolphy , but there is a lot more to listen to on this album than eric dolphy alone ( though he 's excellent as usual ) . the inclusion of booker ervin gives the album the perfect texture , as his style in many ways contradicts that of dolphy . although the styles are different , they complement each other perfectly . mal waldron is a great composer , and many of his most excellent ideas appear on this album . the song " thirteen " is a fine example...you 'll just have to listen to it . everyone on this album smokes . get this...you wont regret it 
music pos 442.txt originally released in 1972 , this was can 's fourth record as well as their follow-up to ' tago mago ' ( see my review ) .some really superbly written and played cuts here to fully take in ( might take several spins ) are " pinch " , liked michael karoli 's ( r.i.p. ) stellar guitar solos , the somewhat stunning " vitamin c " and this reissue 's lengthiest track , the ten-minute " soup " .first rate german progressive kraut.after i listened to this cd a second time , i realized that ' ege bamyasi ' may have very well been a heavy influence on later bands like gary numan , pere ubu , public image ltd. and stereolab.silly cover , do n't you agree 
music pos 42.txt i was a big fan of this band 's song " rock'n'roll highschool " , and i recently saw the documentary about them , so , when i saw this anthology selling for around $15 in australia , i thought i 'd take a punt by buying it . my thoughts on this album are similar to the ones i had for the 3 cd johnny o'keefe collection [reviewed at this site by me]. namely , overall , the album is very listenable , with some standout tracks . as with the jok album , this album is / was great value for money , considering how many songs you get for the price . of the songs i particularly like on this album , and the ones i have been listening to quite a bit , are : rock'n'roll high school . this song still rocks after all these years . do you remember rock'n'roll radio ? good song , though it never got the airplay that the previous song seemed to get here in australia . chinese rock . an easter egg song ! ! never heard this song before , but it is an instant classic . very catchy . danny says . another easter egg song . takes some repeated listening to get into , but once you do that , it gets high rotation on your cd player . to me , i can see why the ramones are considered founders of punk . at least as far as the music is concerned . however , the sex pistols truly define punk for me . they have the whole package which i identify with punk...namely , the punk sound , and the incendiary , anarchistic lyrics . the ramones are more middle-class sounding , to my ears at least . i 'm surprised at how poppy / boppy the ramones are . to me they sound like a punk motown band . one of the songs on the 2nd cd , i think , has that classic punk sound , but i did n't make a note of the title . might have to edit that song in later...could be " endless vacation " ? lastly , the song danny says , almost comes across as a punk beach boys song . overall , the anthology is often ' samey ' , but listenable nonetheless , with a handful of songs that i consider ' high rotation ' worthy . just remembered , " endless vacation " seems a terrific song too . will have to listen to that some more-i 've currently got the 1st cd in my cd player . p.s. listened to this song last night . really good-the fast talking bit in the song reminds me of the equally good , if not better song by australian act tism [or this is serious mum] - " [he 'll never be an] ol ' man river " , about river phoenix , amongst other people . tism , like the ramones , can do bad taste well . 
music pos 756.txt i love to working with this soundtrack in the back ground . the music is fun , whimsical , and out of the ordinary . i like pop and rock , but sometimes you just need good music without the lame lyrics 
music pos 409.txt if you like music you ca n't help but like mariachi from mexico . it is superb . is there another volume ? if so , tell me about it 
music pos 477.txt the beats is cool , but you understand his lyrics ! & amp ; its not bout all that pimp trash ! snoop not a pimp...but this is a bangin c 
music pos 72.txt the album is straight raw . kurupt 's lyrical abilities are unmatched and go hand in hand with daz 's delivery . the g-funk beats are the best they 've ever sounded . as a whole , you will not skip one song at all . a+ 
music pos 645.txt very rich in music , fully orchestrated and full of energy . i highly recommend this album for everyone who loves new age music and to all those who like classical music . david took it to another level on this one . i myself like new age artists that incorporate orchestra to their music and that is why i loved this album . if you like this album , i recommend you to explore yanni , secret garden , giovanni and bernward koch 
music pos 132.txt some of the catchiest melodies and harmonies ever from curt . lots of cool instrumentation . pete anderson did a great job with the production . this has n't left my cd player since i got it 4 days ago 
music pos 564.txt to start off i am a huge grateful dead fan and i have prabably about 150 cd 's that cover many years of there carrer . this release is very good and worth buying . it has some great music on it and the price of the album is worth the eyes of the world with branford marsalis on the sax alone . all and all this was among my first bunch of grateful dead cd 's that i got and it got me hooked so do yourself a favor if you are thinking about listening to the grateful dead and you want to hear something from the 1990 era buy this cd . but i would also get something from the 77 era too 
music pos 596.txt this is what music is all about , the emotion in a simple legato trumpet note , or the raspy , delicious vibrato of vocalist david sylvian ; it makes me melt and feel so good and pure . think if tweaker were to make jazz- -and really chill out- -this is what it would sound like . you 'll never hear a sweeter sounding clarinet , ever . there is everything one could want . possibly the perfect record . it 's jazzy and cinematic and the double bass throughout is enough to make anyone melt and feel the emotion of the music course through their soul . absolutely brilliant and definitely essential . one of my favorites from the year . 
music pos 273.txt it 's impossible to like all of country music , but randy travis is liked by even those who do n't like country music . from 1986 and through the 90 's he was always on top or near the top of the country charts . his calm , nasal drawl reminds me a bit of lefty frizell , but there 's no mistaking his unique style . these are some of the best recordings in the history of country music including digging up bones , forever and ever , amen , too gone too long , is it still over ? , hard rock bottom of your heart etc. randy had 16 no . 1 's on the country charts . there are 20 cuts here . if you only want one cd with all his greatest hits this is your logical choice . by the way , the sound from rhino is bright and punchy and the booklet features dates , neat pixs , and peak positions . you 've got a winner for life with this one ! 
music pos 120.txt following the demise of soundgarden in 1997 , everyone was curious what chris cornell would do next . would he immerse himself in another band where he could display his blood-curdling screams or would he surprise everyone with something totally different ? he chose the latter . with natasha shneider on keys and alain johannes on guitars , cornell found the opportunity to break away from his heavily zeppelin and sabbath-rooted musical background , and he also asked some other musicians to make an appearance on the record . the result is a very diverse album , highlighting cornell 's immediately identifiable vocals and relatively more simpler songwriting . that said , he had the chance to incorporate a multitude of other instruments , including tambourine , theremin , and timpani . besides the trademark blues rock-ridden songs that helped cornell make a name for himself , he also digs deep into psychedelia , best heard on " preaching the end of the world " , a song that finds cornell opting for thick , radiohead-like arrangements , lofty acoustics , and a strange mix of keyboard and guitar effects . not too different is " disappearing one " , guesting soundgarden drummer matt cameron with its moving vocal melodies , shimmering keyboards and even a vague clarinet addition . surely , soundgarden fans expecting a very heavy record with meaty guitars and lots of aggressive vocals will be sorely disappointed . but they need to realize euphoria morning was meant to be different way before cornell started working on it . solo projects serve the purpose of letting the artists express themselves in ways they are unable to in their own bands . and considering this , euphoria morning is a huge success . that said , there are still some songs where the band behind cornell churns out some rocking riffs and rhythms , such as " flutter girl " and especially " pillow of your bones " during the chorus . the former starts out in an almost poppy fashion but quickly picks up a playful funk bass line and is finished off with a cool blues lead ; whereas the latter is more straightforward , employing lots of acoustic and electric guitars as well as weird percussion work . the final song " steel rain " is also a number that alternates between decidedly heavier parts and more haunting , ominous moments . the ethnic drumming ( great tabla rhythms ) on this track is quite experimental given cornell 's music with soundgarden and later on with audioslave . " follow my way " and " when i 'm down " are the most moving songs , with the latter featuring a deft piano and organ melody beneath cornell 's heartfelt delivery . this is another song that embraces his love for bluesy guitar work and it also features some female backing harmonies during its pre-chorus . similarly , the title track is a passionate piece where cornell sings entirely a capella over acoustic guitars . there are no other instruments ; cornell plays his guitar and simply sings his heart out . a remix of the effect-laden " mission " would later be included on the mission impossible 2 soundtrack while " moonchild " became a minor hit with its eerie atmosphere along with the opening song " ca n't change me " , perhaps the most modern-sounding , upbeat song on the album . despite being only three minutes though , its flow is majestic , borrowing harmonica , tambourine and shimmering keyboards that climax at the final second . my european copy of the album contains a very different version of the opening song , with french lyrics , accordion , mandolin , and female vocals backing cornell . the song returns to its english chorus at one point , but the rest is all delivered in french and perhaps more engaging than the original version in some ways . chris cornell is one of the greatest voices in rock and this solo album is testimony to his greatness . when freed from any band restrictions , the man is capable of crafting some of the most moving and brutally honest songs ever . 
music pos 489.txt the afro-eurasian eclipse is a groundbreaking suite , full of intriguing new sounds and grooves . ellington did n't fade into predictability and mundanity in his last years ; instead , his compositions became more and more original and exciting . this suite has rocking , swinging , waltzing grooves that , though seemingly disparate , work together and illustrate the theme stated in the duke 's spoken introduction to the suite : to show that " the whole world is going oriental , and that no one will be able to retain his or her identity.. . not even the orientals . " duke does n't leave his standbys behind , though . the phenomenal playing of ashby , carney , jones , and the rest of the orchestra keeps the afro-eurasian eclipse firmly rooted in virtuosity , even when playing to new grooves , melded with african , asian , and australian rhythm and sound . on a personal note , this is one of my favorite cds . aside from the remarkable music , it gets bonus points for the spoken introduction , at the beginning of the " chinoiserie " track . audio notes give the listener a greater understanding of the cd , especially one with a single focus , like this one . 
music pos 403.txt this disc dates from monk 's early period before he achieved recognition and started to descend into a long series of formulaic recordings for columbia . so it 's valuable from that point of view . it 's also a wonderful chance to hear him showcased without horns although the standard is perhaps not quite as high as the trio blue note recordings that immediately preceded it . the best tracks both from a musical and recording quality view point are an extended blue monk , which many consider the definitive version , and a lovely unaccompanied just a gigolo , which anticipates later solo masterpieces such as alone in san francisco . sweet and lovely is in a similarly reflective vein . much of the rest of the album has a forceful , driving quality , with aggressive use of dissonance in places - even for monk . a particular highlight is monk tearing through these foolish things 
music pos 890.txt this is from the days when you had to be good to grab a mic . lyrical wizardry was the order of the day , if you had no skillz you stayed away from the mic . the production is as tight as the lyrics on this album both were made for each other . buy this ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
music pos 354.txt loreena has a pure talent for weaving melody music and words together . her song the highwayman is absolutely astounding to be able to put the old poem into music melody and verse is quite amazing 
music pos 579.txt despite the excellent screenplay by sam shepherd and the solid acting by harry dean stanton , i found " paris , texas " a rather unimpressive film , and the only thing that kept it together for me was cooder 's astounding soundtrack . the music here is simple , yet very moving and even haunting . his guitar stylings really captured the mood and feel that the film was otherwise supposed to convey . it seems to seep right out of the desolate landscape of the southwest . every time i listen to this cd it reminds me of driving along some deserted highway in nevada , se california , etc. also , it 's really nice that the soundtrack contains the story ( " i knew these people " ) told by stanton 's character , since to me that was the best part of the movie . even so , seeing " paris , texas " is not a prerequisite for enjoying this cd , the music is phenomenal in its own right 
music pos 112.txt with his snarling , gritty guitar tones , swampy grooves , and scratchy vocals , c.c. adcock makes butt-shakin ' music that blends rockabilly , old-school memphis r&b , new orleans funk , cajun dancehall tunes , and juke-joint blues . he 's young , but no poseur : having paid dues with bo diddley and buckwheat zydeco , adcock knows rootsy textures like the back of his hand . but despite the tremolo guitar and slapped upright bass , this is n't a retro-sounding record . adcock and his various producers bring a hip sonic edge to the music that keeps the moods fresh and the vibe ominous . doyle bramhall joins adcock on two songs , and together they raise 6-string hell . boasting richly layered guitars and heaps of attitude , adcock 's music is soulful , somewhat twisted , and deeply satisfying 
music pos 711.txt lead singer and co-founder david gates was recently inducted into the songwriters hall of fame . this album is one prime example of why . david has consistently provided beautiful melodies with easy , sensitive lyrics . his last album was a country album called & quot ; love is always seventeen , & quot ; which was a genre-crossing mix of pop and country , co-produced and performed with billy dean . but back to this gem . & quot ; guitar man , & quot ; and & quot ; aubrey&quot ; were the big hits off of this album , and they still stand the test of time . & quot ; tecolote&quot ; is one of their most unusual departures , and still makes me laugh , while enjoying its musicality and orignality . & quot ; did n't even know her name&quot ; is a poignant lost love song ; & quot ; welcome to the music&quot ; is one of those opening songs bands sometimes did to orient their fans to what to expect . even larry knechtel gets in on the vocals with the intriguing & quot ; picture in my mind . &quot ; it 's a great album- --in fact , there 's not a bad & quot ; bread&quot ; album out there ! enjoy , and relive those magical moments of the glorious seventies 
music pos 811.txt this cd reminds me once again why russian liturgical music is one of the treasures of the world : beautiful , profound , awe-inspiring , uplifting . for the most part , the pieces are well chosen and the performances excellent . i am delighted to see that many of the tracks are from the classic recording of the rachmaninoff vespers made in the early 1970s by the ussr ministry of culture chamber choir directed by valery polyansky , and released in the usa by angel-melodiya . i wore out my copy of the lp years ago ; although it has been reissued on cd , it 's out of print and very hard to find . so it is wonderful to see a generous selection from that recording available on this disk . listen to track 11 , " praise the lord o my soul " , sung by the chamber choir and mezzo irina arkhipova . you would have to have a heart of stone not to be moved as she sings " slava ghospidin " ( praise to the lord ) . and listen to how the basses descend to b-flat at end . it just does n't get any better than this 
music pos 646.txt the music here frequently reminded me of pagan 's mind with a touch of porcupine tree and flashes of iron maiden . a fantastic mixture of 1970s progressive rock bands such as yes and kansas molded with european-style power metal and brazilian folk music . while this can be extremely interesting there are a few moments here and there that do n't quite mesh . in actuality i give the cd 4.5 stars for its superb songcraft and inspired , sometimes flawed ambition . but as an overall package , this special edition of " temple of shadows " is an excellent place for newcomers as the bonus dvd holds a concert in 5.1 surround sound that is loaded with songs from their back catalog . this is a great album filled with high quality progressive power metal and a dvd concert that gives a taste of their other albums ( not to mention it 's just plain fun to watch as the band members are clearly enjoying themselves , smiling throughout the show ) . highly recommended . 
music pos 58.txt you definetely gotta own this . after an 11 years break from the music scene , seger 's back full-force . already 400.000 copies sold . more info on bob at [... 
music pos 333.txt this is without doubt the most beautiful , moving song i have ever heard . i cry every time i listen to it . i will ask my family to have it played at my funeral . the lyrics and symbolism are born of emotional genius . the solo vocalist and the instrumentation are flawless . this selection is the hope diamond of contemporary music 
music pos 861.txt this is part 2 of a set titled say it right . the cd has a blue and white style vs. the part 1 that has a yellow and white style on disc and cover . also in a slim-line jewel case with the title track , non-album track , but an added dance remix plus video . if you enjoyed the first 2-track cd then this is a must . dance lovers will definitely find this to be a totally spectacular production . say it right [radio edit] has the catchy dance beats , nice vocals , excellent drums , and chorus . the lyrics are fun to sing along and strong in meaning . apparently , it 's about not giving a lover power to control , destroy , or make you loose sleep . the melody has great rhythm , chorus , dance styles , and energetic beats . " you do n't mean nothing at all to me " is repeated showing a strong message that life does n't end with someone who is n't right . what i wanted brings nelly to a slower tempo displaying depth of emotion . it 's a slow ballad with true sincerity and humility . it 's about going for something you wanted but never got . the outcome does n't matter because the reality is you gave it your all . as she sings about her dream and what she wanted it 's apparent love can be hard to let go yet comforting to do so . the melody is soothing , pleasant in sound , and refreshing for the soul . say it right [peter rauhofer remix part 1] is a hot club remix sure to get you dancing off your feet . the song takes a dive to faster paced trance like effects , different introduction , pumping jamming dance styles with techno flairs , up and down tempos as well as plenty of percussion and synthesizers . straying from the original song the vocals are still vastly heard yet filled with echoes , swirls of sounds , and much club ambiance . it 's dreamy , fantasy filled , and definitely highly paced for the dance floor . if anything is certain it is this : the remix in this cd is much better than many of her past singles . there is true dj styles incorporation more instrumentations , effects , and vast production much more geared to club hoppers and dance fans . quite sticky , infectious , and groove like this remix will get you dancing up a storm feeling like wanting to shake your body non-stop . club lovers do n't pass this out . nelly 's vocals are echoed often and electronic-a effects are vastly hard . say it right video [enhanced cd] is the video many have already seen as timbaland and nelly dance face to face and get very close as the message behind the music is reinforced . this is an excellent video with much dance styles , highly energetic beats , and flairs for control and getting the message across . overall , from all of nelly 's singles i find this to be on the top of my favorite . the combination of 2 highly emotional yet different songs plus a dance track and video makes this remarkable . definitely buy this if you are a nelly fan , club hopper , or a lover of music to enjoy for the depth of emotion , different styles displayed , and the themes . it 's definitely a top sensation . before it sells out be sure to buy it . the part 1 is also an excellent addition for those days you do n't want to listen to the remix . this is highly recommended for sure ! 
music pos 822.txt they may have a new name , but their sound remains the same as before . mixed with club-friendly beats and laid back drunken-style , the liks have crafted the perfect party cd . tracks like & quot ; run wild&quot ; ( possibly the best track on the cd , certainly the most fun to listen to ) , & quot ; sickness&quot ; ( with butch cassidy providing some very tight vocals on he hook ) , and the neptunes-produced & quot ; best u can&quot ; showcase the liks ' party appeal , while head-nodders like & quot ; bully foot&quot ; ( with busta rhymes ) and & quot ; another round&quot ; create a more relaxed vibe for the listener . the liks also get outside help from artists like fellow likwit-crewmember defari ( & quot ; my dear&quot ; ) and kurupt ( the cleverly-titled & quot ; promote violins&quot ; ) . of course , xzibit holds it down on his two tracks , & quot ; bar code&quot ; and & quot ; 151&quot ; . the only way this cd differs from their last releases is the instruments , varying from violins ( & quot ; promote violins&quot ; ) , trumpets ( & quot ; l-i-k-s&quot ; ) , and even 40 ounce bottles ( & quot ; 40 oz . quartet&quot ; skits ) . the thing you should n't expect to find is deep lyrics or dark productions ( go grab mobb deep ) . however , copping & quot ; x.o. experience&quot ; could be the best refreshment for this summer 's heat . if you like & quot ; x.o. experience&quot ; , check out : & quot ; xzibit - restless&quot ; , & quot ; alkaholiks - likwidation&quot ; , & quot ; kurupt - space boogie&quot ; , & quot ; eastsidaz - ducez & amp ; trayz&quot 
music pos 723.txt tame 's music is all about the beat . it 's what got me right from the start , a grinding , repetitious backbone to every song . tame one rides every beat on these tracks without faltering and shows some true style in his delivery . tame gets rid of the verse-hook standarda , periodically ad-libing and allows the music to play when he feels like pausing . its an amazing album well worth purchasing . 
music pos 877.txt i bought this the year it came out , after seeing george in concert and it is great ! most of these were big hit songs and i found that i really loved the others too especially hard day 
music pos 898.txt this was the first queen album that i ever had so getting it on cd is great . " sheer heart attack " is an overlooked queen gem 
music pos 417.txt i love this cd ! everything they sing about is so true to life . it 's a great arrangement of songs 
music pos 38.txt i just want to put it out there...audra mcdonald is an absolute genious . everything she touches turns to gold , and i just want to smack some of you for saying that she failed in her attempt to make a great record . this may not be the audra that we are used to , but if you listen closely she 's near by . so this cd is a little less difficult vocally . so what ? my favorite quality of ms. mcdonald 's is that she is emotionally connected to whatever she is singing . she could record twinkle twinkle little star and i would want to listen to it over and over again because she tells a story . so if you buy this cd , listen to it more than once . let it grow on you . let audra do her thang children . let her do her thang . 
music pos 796.txt this is a wonderful vangelis album and is fairly energetic , with enough experimental flourishes to keep the listener fully engaged . released in 1975 , heaven and hell incorporates a full choir into the vangelis sound . vangelis played all of the instruments on this album including synthesizers , electric piano , acoustic piano , a full drum kit , and percussion . vangelis is joined by the english chamber choir ( conducted by guy protheroe ) with vana veroutis as the lead female vocal , in addition to jon anderson ( vocals / lyrics on heaven and hell ( part 1 so long ago , so clear ) . vangelis is quite a good musician and really shines on the acoustic piano . as a huge yes fan , i was delighted to hear jon 's excellent voice and cosmic lyrics . as far as the inclusion of the choir goes , i did not mind it that much and felt that it added a very interesting textural element to the recording . the heaven and hell suite is divided into two lengthy movements including part i ( 21'58 " ) and part ii ( 21'16 " ) . in general , the first part is more orchestral in nature and features the choir and excellent acoustic piano playing by vangelis . another general observation is that the first movement mixes vigorous sections that feature drums with spacey and haunting synth-dominated passages . of course , my favorite part comes at the end of part i , which is the 4'58 " section with jon on vocals . this short " song " is quite moving and uplifting . movement ii is a little darker and more experimental than the first movement and is my favorite of the two . the choir is featured on the second movement , along with a beautiful wordless vocal by the very talented vana veroutis . part ii closes with a very spacey and quiet synthesizer section , which provides excellent contrast with the preceding thunderous percussion section . all in all , this is a good vangelis album and is recommended along with albedo 0.39 ( 1976 ) ; spiral ( 1977 ) ; and the excellent opera sauvage ( 1979 ) 
music pos 903.txt any one of the first 4 cuts on this album are worth the price of admission . these pieces , each melodically rich and honed like a fine gem , remind me more of classical romanticism than what normally passes for & quot ; new age&quot ; . sit back in a cosy armchair with a glass of wine and let this beautifully-crafted music weave its web...it 's & quot ; feel good&quot ; music that also has an intellectually satisfying bittersweet flavor 
music pos 708.txt chandos ' grainger edition is a significant contribution to modern art . this particular volume ( vol . 14 ) features grainger 's settings of various folk and popular songs which he made in the first quarter of the 20th century . the accompaniments are set for small ensembles , and grainger utilized the harmonium on many of the song settings on this disc . sound is 24-bit 
music pos 150.txt i was looking for a cd that i could listen to all of the time . oh my god , i am breathless . i was brought to tears as they sang " mama " . my mother passed away in 2002 and i never got a chance to say thank you and this song said it all . all of il divo 's songs have touched me in a way that no one else could . thank you for touching my heart . i really recommend that you give this cd a chance . all of these other people on the board that gave it a low score , obviously need a hearing aid and a heart . blessing 
music pos 505.txt not only do you get some great music with this cd , you get the beginnings of climax as well . ( the last 2 cuts are essentially sonny geraci solo songs done by 1 / 2 of the band that would play on climax records ) includes their 4 hits ( time wont let me , girl in love , respectable & help me girl ) and a slew of other very like-minded material . if you like any of their 4 hits , you will love the rest . if you like climax , you should buy this for the 2 last songs which are essentially climax tunes 
music pos 879.txt my one complaint is that after i listen to this cd , the catchy tunes get stuck in my head ! and then i want to keep listening to it more and more . i love the selections on this cd , the fact that the songs are in english ( i always wondered what the " figaro , figaro , figaro " song was about ! ) , and that a little background is given to each piece as well 
music pos 300.txt this cd offers a great deal of incredible music by john lennon during 1969 and the early 1970 's when he fought our government in order for him and yoko to live in the united states . the quality of the music is excellent and after you listen to this cd you want to run to watch the film ! the cd starts off strong with " power to the people . " the song makes its political statement and offers a great beat that sticks in your mind . it is also very upbeat and aggressive in its tone which attracts the listener immediately to make them want more . the listener wo n't be disappointed . the tracks that follow provide great insight into john 's politics at the same time that he provides us with his singularly beautiful music . great songs on this cd include the autobiographical " nobody told me " in which john admits that his struggle with our government both to end the vietnam war and to remain in the usa is harder than he thought it would be . " working class hero " has a folksy , bluesy feel to it but then the cd goes right back to that unique john lennon rock and roll flavor with the song " i found out . " " bed peace " follows as a type of introduction to the only beatles song on this cd , " the ballad of john & yoko . " despite the catchy rock and roll beat to " the ballad of john & yoko , " the lyrics tell the sad story of how people harass john and yoko . another great song is " give peace a chance ; " the message here is obvious . " love , " " imagine , " and " oh my love " are beautiful ballads with excellent musical arrangements ; and we get a new instrumental version of " how do you sleep " that is very well done . in addition , i like the two live tracks from the john sinclair freedom rally in 1971. " attica state " is a brand new release and " john sinclair " packs a strong punch ! these tracks demonstrate so well john 's ability to connect with his audience in a live setting . one special song on this cd directly challenges each and every listener to personal reflection and insight : " happy xmas ( war is over ) . " john and yoko tell people to know the difference between the blessings of peace and the evils of war , to cherish what is morally right and to fight against anything that is morally wrong . the song also expresses hope for a peaceful future beyond the current christmas season . " happy xmas ( war is over ) " continues to play on radio stations every christmas season to this day . yes , another amazon reviewer correctly notes that yoko talks a little bit over the very beginning of the song " oh my love . " thank goodness that she does n't talk over the lyrics ! a few brief dialogue excerpts from the film are peppered throughout the cd but they never overlap with the songs . the cd ends with the same strength that it started with : " instant karma ! ( we all shine on ) " is an excellent song that most lennon fans will always love . the liner notes include some great black and white pictures of john and yoko , including two from the infamous " bed-in . " you get the song credits along with the year that each song was released and there is a brief essay by yoko ono herself . overall , this cd is more than just a retrospective of john 's music during a turbulent period in his life . oh sure , almost all of this music has been previously released . however , that 's not relevant here . the cd celebrates lennon 's ability to communicate his political beliefs through his songs . these songs remind us to avoid genocide , to be true to oneself and to strive for peace- -now . i highly recommend this cd for lennon fans , fans of great 1970s rock music and anyone who wants to experience how john lennon taught us what was right through his music . 
music pos 918.txt dream is a great album where keller coloboarates with many of his favorite musicians including bob wier , bella fleck , victor wooten and string cheese incident . all the songs are unique and great to sing too while driving or anytime ! 
music pos 365.txt nwa was an original rap group and with that being said , this is definitely a must have album for rap lovers . along with public enemy , nwa christened their genre with hard core lyrics and tight bass beats . although i do n't agree with some of their lyrics , one would not expect this white kid to fully understand their view on life . anyways , buy this album , i recommend it . keep it away from the kiddies though 
music pos 733.txt i thoroughly enjoy this collection of hits from the mamas and the papas . every song is fun and the tunes will stay with you long after you 're done listening . like other selections from the 20th century masters series , this ca n't be called a complete collection . however , what is included is fantastic and i find myself popping it into my cd player much more often than many other cds . my copy of this cd ( which i bought new ) includes an 8-page folder with two photos of the band ( besides the cover photo ) , a short band biography written by joseph f . laredo , and a track listing with song writing and original release credits . song lyrics are not included . the jewel case is fully transparent with another photo of the band on the inside of the back paper . as a side note , if you are a fan of the abc television series " lost " this cd includes the mama cass song " make your own kind of music " that is featured on desmond 's record player in the hatch . if you 're just starting with the mamas and the papas , or simply want a brief overview of some of their better known songs , this is a great cd . for more the mamas and the papas , check out criterion 's phenomenal dvd release of monterey pop ( or the box set the complete monterey pop festival ) . this concert dvd is absolutely brilliant , and includes several songs from the mamas and the papas . 
music pos 666.txt this is one of the ultimate collection 's of pure music at its finest....1 problem thou...on the inside cd cover all the tracks have the wrong names...kinda crazy if u like to rip songs for your collection : ( 
music pos 912.txt two of the greatest names in show business at their zenith . there are so many good tracks on this set that it 's hard to pick out some over the others . a couple of superb standouts are jolson 's " swanee " and " rock-a-bye , " although every track is just excellent . the sound quality on the set is outstandingly great . i hope the people that put this set together will do the same incredible job with other classic recordings by jolson and crosby 
music pos 843.txt it was my full belief that the next time we would hear from buju banton on an album would be on the now 2 years anticipated ` rasta got soul ' album . the album which has still yet to arrive ( and may never ) was said to be along buju 's best and might actually rival his seminal classic ` til shiloh . he even tipped his hand 2 years ago by releasing the album 's first single , the ` magical ' magic city . so the world was waiting to see just how much soul the album had . however . between then and now buju has been going through so many events that this album , too bad , almost seems like a smack in the face to his critics . forever , it seems that he is still living in the ` boom bye bye curse ' , and having some legal matters which prevented him traveling , he apparently has been angered by all the unwanted attention and the result is too bad . the album has a severe kick to it , it can actually sit not too far away from his ` stablemate ' assassin 's infiltrate from ` 05 , in terms of style . the attraction here is actually the subject of ` confusion' . while we were waiting for a massive roots album to come down the pipe , buju has n't made a pure dancehall album in a very very long time . thus , the dj who was once the dancehall 's main attraction stepping back into the fray is n't at all a bad thing . so fans who sit longing for the days of stamina daddy and batty rider are the one 's who 'll be happy and i can fit into that camp as well ! but at the same time , buju 's concentration for the last decade or so has been the roots , so now it is there where he will ultimately excel . however , with the current trend in dancehall to revive older riddims , you may find yourself feeling like 1991 all over again . the best tune here is probably the hard hard ` til it bend . til it bend is serious serious rudey dancehall . the song might sound like the rest to the untrained ear , but i guarantee that is the song most jamaican will pull up , til it bend is nice ! also check the wicked wicked nothing , who have it ? , the ultra clever better day and the nice hey boy over the petty thief riddim . however , my second favorite song here i would have to say would be the combination don & dupes with underrated dancehall singer pinchers who has been making a very very nice return to the scene recently , largely due to his connection with madhouse head , dave kelly . buju makes an attempt ( for some reason ) at the useless wipeout riddim on me & unu and actually makes it work a little . also check when things slow down on nice tunes such as driver , which is easily one of the best tunes on the album . overall , the thought alone , buju doing another dancehall album may have some salivating and some wondering where the roots is , this one may appeal to both group of hardcore fans . while there is nothing here that i would call definitive roots reggae , this album has such an old school vibes to it that anyone who has ever been a fan of buju 's will find something they like . i would have like to have seen buju have at least one lenky riddim on the album , a wayne wonder combination ( although pinchers subs just fine ) and definitely the massive song beauty queen from the twice again riddim would have fit just fine here , but nevertheless , what you do have : high quality dancehall from one of the greatest architects of that skill is just fine and too bad , over both what beenie and baby cham have done , is the best pure dancehall album of 2006 to date , and a boomshot in the arm for the genre 
music pos 459.txt there is nothing more intimate then the human voice . i am a voice major at a university . nothing speaks to me more highly then choral music . i was a little skeptical about this cd when i first got it . i have since fallen in love with every aspect of it . of course if you get this cd you must get the companion cd lux aeterna by the los angeles master chorale . you cannot have one without the other 
music pos 812.txt i saw the outlaws live twice in the early eighties and had a great time at both shows . this album is just plain fun to listen to and brings back some very fond memories 
music pos 1000.txt i owned this as an lp and played it over and over on my tiny , mono phonograph . i loved it then and i love it now . rainmaker , i 'm on my way back home and love is all that i ever needed would all have been sucessful singles . i would have loved you anyway is the only song i do n't really like but the lyrics are unintentionally funny . all the lyrics seem more suggestive now than they did then but that 's ok ! the background singers get a tad tiring but go david cassidy ! i do n't care if it 's the memories or not , i enjoy putting this on and turning it up 
music pos 648.txt first off , i 'd like to say that i am not a country music fan , but i am a johnny cash fan . he transcends the genre that turned his back on him in his later years , but here the man can do no wrong . now , i bought the 2000 " expansion " release of this concert which at the time was dubbed the " complete concert recording " . it was misleading because i had seen the british documentary ( the dvd of this is included in the set ) in which johnny & friends were performing songs i never knew existed from this legendary event because they were absent on cd . now this is the full sha-bang , complete with amazing packaging , the concert spread over two cds , and the dvd mentioned above . if you bought the previous cd like i did , let me tell you , this is worth the upgrade as it seems this is the " definitive end to all release " of johnny singing to the boys at san quentin . for new fans , the single cd release might be the best place to start since it has at least 85% of what johnny sang that night at san quentin . the rest of the legacy tracks feature the carter family , carl perkins , and the statler bros . so if you 're looking for a " johnny cash " solo concert , then get the single cd version . if you want the absolute complete version in a great package , 40 page booklet , and he legendary british documentary of this concert for the first time on dvd ; the legacy edition of this memorable night is the way to go 
music pos 441.txt its kind of hard to deny what krs-one has brought to the game . his flow is phenomenal and the insight he gives is precious even now . standout tracks : duck down , ruff ruff ( dope match up with freddie foxx ) , 13 and good ( the story of a guy who sleeps with a teen that calls her father who is a gay cop will have you in stitches ) , poisonous products , questions and answers , like a throttle , we in here , the real holy place ( the deepest track on here ) , who are the pimps ? and the reggae tinged joints like say gal and sex and violence are gems also . filler : none ! bottom line : bdp 's six album is still a classic with a message that still isnt heeded till this day . besides the slammin production , krs showed that he was 100 steps ahead from the average rapper with this album . any born again hip hop head would do well to start off with edutainment and work their way down to this album . 
music pos 800.txt i have listened to the cuts from this cd and was amazed at how quickly it transported me back to the time . there were several tracks that i was delighted to see since the artists were not popular enough to have an entire album re-released . if you are in a mood for a good dose of nostalgia , this is the set for you ! 
music pos 585.txt if you want to learn about texas music just buy this disc . tom 's love of life and artist 's eye infect every song . the opening number " tonight we ride " is hard to beat . he sang it on david letterman 's show ( paul shaffer played the accordian ! ) . letterman described it as a " song that will make you want to saddle up a horse , ride up to connecticut and rob a liquor store . " me , i just went out and bought some good reposado gold . letterman 's got a point , though - the songs on this disc will move you one way or the other . my other favorites are bucking horse moon , and all this way for a short ride . tom russell is true american artist like woody guthrie or pete seeger , and this is one of his best . 
music pos 882.txt ethereal , rhythmic , haunting , eclectic . wake : best of dead can dance is a collection of songs that will move your soul and spirit . the haunting combination of modern and ancient tunes , combined with phenomenal vocals and instrumentals make this album one to cherish and listen to over and over . each time you hear it will lead to new discoveries and emotions . 
music pos 602.txt i discovered this album some years ago as i 'm workin ' in big music stores i 've got the opportunity to listen to so much music....well ! ! this album is a very difficoult one to find in a record store nowdays , and every time i have it in stock i play it straight away and some customer who listen to it buy it instantly , blakey and potato are swingin ' so much in those & quot ; salsa like&quot ; rithms mobley is -as usual with art blakey and k.d. - in such a great shape givin ' a wonderfull touch to evry note he plays , basically one of greatest blue note of all time ! 
music pos 639.txt this is an awesome ep slayer owns all even when the production is n't that great . kerry king and jeff hanneman shred fast as hell with their blazing fast riffs , tom araya 's vocals are very hellish and gruesome and dave lombardo 's drums are fast as well . this ep is slayer at their prime and even if it 's only four songs it 's well worth the price . below are my views on each song . chemical warfare 100000000000001 / 10 , yes it is that awesome , this is a legendary slayer song and a fan favorite . if you 're gonna buy this for one song this is it , the lyrics are great and i love the riffs in this track . captor of sin 10 / 10 , the opening of the song is great . the song is really good too . my second favorite on this ep as well . haunting the chapel 7 / 10 , i did n't really care for this song much , it 's good but not mind blowing . aggressive perfector 10 / 10 , slayer 's first song ever , the opening sorta reminds me of metallica 's " hit the lights " but the song is very different though . a part of this song sonds like the guitars are making video game like noises . the vocals are also a little different from other releases but it 's still awesome . overall this ep was a great follow up to their debut . it also led to what the band would later become , thrash legends . a must have for fans and general metal fans alike . highly reccomended 
music pos 475.txt this one came out in ' 91. its one of the very few albums that included the almighty joe preston on bass . one of the great things about this cd is that all the songs are all on one track . so it forces you to listen to this long , winding , sludgefest in its entirety . as most melvins fans know , this ( along with houdini ) was the pinacle of their musical career . after this , they made some great albums and some good ones , but never better than their self-titled album ( previously titled " lysol " , but they decided to change it once they were threatened with a lawsuit ) . it would be ultra-cool if ipecac records would give this album a deluxe re-issue treatment . it definitely deserves it 
music pos 12.txt if you like vocalese , then this cd is for you . the song selection and performances are excellent . in my opinion , it stands up with the best lambert , hendricks , and ross stuff . it is clear that a lot of love and effort went into the making of this record . buy and enjoy 
music pos 883.txt this is their best album.easily better than anything the likes of oasis ever managed.richard iii , going out , late in the day and the title track are all top quality.if you rated blurs 3 & quot ; britpop&quot ; ( horrible term really ) albums from the 90s then get this.its up there with them.simple as that 
music pos 828.txt a lot of people seem to snub their noses at let 's talk about love because it was n't the career-defining album as the album that preceded it , but all in all , it 's still a fantastic snapshot for celine 's career in 1997. celine shocked almost everyone by releasing a follow-up so shortly ( falling into you was still in the top 40 on the charts at the time ) but it was very worthy . among my faves on the album include " the reason " , " immortality " with the bee gees ( for a " celine-less " version of the song , check out the bee gees ' 2-disc hits collection from 2001 ) , " love is on the way " , the very funky " treat her like a lady " , " to love you more " and the beautiful singalong title track . this album also housed " my heart will go on " which certainly helped push this album to sales over 9 million . while it was a song that you wanted to smash the stereo at the time because it was being played every five minutes , i 'd say enough time has passed that once again you can enjoy and appreciate this beautiful , powerful ballad . with " falling into you " and this album , celine was the #1 female artist for a period , becoming a superstar right as mariah was abandoning ac for r&b , as alanis was going on hiatus for awhile , and when shania was taking off but had n't yet exploded into major-superstardom . love her or malign her ( it seems fashionable to do the latter ) , she became one of the premier voices in adult contemporary and won over a large audience . i have n't been a fan at all of her last few albums , but if she ever comes back with an album like these two , i 'd snatch it up in a heartbeat 
music pos 237.txt a lot of music fans have mused over why matthew sweet did not achieve greater success with the masses despite his obvious ability to write very catchy songs . " sick of myself " single-handedly rejuvenated my faith in the power of pop music at a time when pop seemed to have exhausted its possibilities . but in retrospect sweet simply was n't a very marketable commodity for the music industry , and on top of that his vocals and lyrics somehow did n't grab people . its not that he does n't sing with passion or feeling , but somehow the words seem to get lost in the mix . perhaps its a production thing ; regardless , the vocals on a ms album always seem to be secondary to the music and that is a no-no for any great singer-songwriter . there are some truly impressive ( albeit derivative ) stuff here : " what matters " is in my opinion the greatest byrds song never written , " hide " is a beautiful piano ballad that would n't seem out of place on badfinger compilation , " if time permits " has some of the most beautiful chorus harmonies not written by brian wilson , etc. etc. " i 've been waiting " works well in combining catchy melody with plaintive adolescent desire , and " girlfriend " is for the most part a great rocker . however , after the relatively simple production of girlfriend , his later albums got bogged down in an attempt to recreate a " wall of sound " feeling , which quite frankly does n't really work unless you 're phil spector . not much here can be completely discounted and the new songs fit in quite well ( although i probably would have included " evangeline " at the expense of " ready " ) . despite the undeniable quality of the music there is nothing life-changing here and ultimately great music must at least have the semblance of being life-changing . still heartily recommended for fans of catchy , melodic pop-rock 
music pos 554.txt i am realtively new to country music . i purchased this because i had the pleasure of hearing willie sing " you do n't know me " on cmt one afternoon . i was quite taken with his rendition and recalled hearing this song growing up . from this one time " soft rocker " i could n't be happier . go willie 
music pos 516.txt i really enjoyed the song kids in america by no secrets . both of my children enjoyed it as well . in fact i have been looking for their cd or for more information on them . i thought they were cute , fresh , and brought a new touch to the song 
music pos 982.txt a truly glorious recording , just what i want in music , with brilliancy , sensitivity , and beauty . this is a must have for every music lover worth the name 
music pos 907.txt what i love most about scofield 's recent guitar playing is the subtlety in his style . he is careful not to over do it , while still demonstrating skill and precision . his riffs are practically perfect and are very well placed . the only problem with this is that with no vocals and many similar sounding songs , i rarely make it to the end of this cd . still for those who enjoyed & quot ; a go-go&quot ; , this one is quite similar , so make sure to pick it up . this quality funk cd with jazz undertones may not being groundbraking , but is a great casual listen . ( guitarist can definitely pick up a few ideas here ! 
music pos 817.txt the ufo space travel theme of astonomy domine is continued on let there be more light saucerful of secrets and set the controls . rick wrights two songs are real good remember a day is one of the best on here . seesaw has interesting percusson . corporal clegg floyds first ww2 song is upbeat syds song jugband blues is one of the best early pink floyd songs.saucerful of secerets is a good early pink floyd cd it is an important part of pink floyds history . 
music pos 567.txt plain and simple...cage is one of the best underground rappers around.....and soon after hell 's winter drops i think he will be accepted into mainstream......this cd is cage at his craziest , the beats are hott , the rhymes are hot...buy this cd....and if you like this cd buy some of his other cds , weatherproof , night hawks , smut peddler 's : porn again , the leak brothers : water world , and hell 's winter 
music pos 207.txt i 've had this cd since it came out and it continues to be my favorite . it 's a cd that i can put in anytime and thoroughly enjoy . this would be my pick for the cd to have while stranded on an island . it never gets boring and made me appreciate just how good schon is . unbelievable . if you like this , you 'll like eric johnson 's venus isle album too . two of my all time favorites 
music pos 985.txt i remember thinking when this film came out that few things in life were as cool as lloyd dobler . this soundtrack is also one of those things . this album for me , as for many i 'm sure , somewhat reflected my taste in music at the time , and even now actually . of course the biggie here is " in your eyes " from peter gabriel . who has n't that track touched at some point ? this also confirmed my love for the red hot chili peppers , and here we get a slightly extended version of their classic " taste the pain " . toss on a few from fishbone , living colour , and the replacements and you solidify this soundtrack as a must own for the late 80 's alt-rock lover . not to mention the goods from depeche mode and nancy wilson ( heart ) . in fact the only thing that could 've made this album any better , is if it ended with a " ding " 
music pos 862.txt if you like post modern lounge music , you will like the tracks on this disc . 
music pos 352.txt i am very satisfied with the 1999 cd by prince . it was in top condition when it arrived . i would purchase again from the seller . thank 
music pos 664.txt this cd is dave bromberg 's best effort . playing solo allows his guitar playing capabilities to be clearly demonstrated . 
music pos 426.txt i have followed the enigma project for a long time , and have n't found myself disappointed with a single release thus far . ( that is , considering i am reviewing an older album . ) ' the cross of changes , ' the second chapter in the enigma project , offers philosophical insight into micheal crtu 's personal beliefs , in the form of an ' enigmatic ' symphony of soft composition and chanson . while each album seems to hold it 's own unique interpretation of life , i believe the purpose of this album is to inspire love , peace and wholeness within its listeners . the lyrical value of ' the cross of changes ' seems to surpass that of its instrumental quality , which is , at times , rather poor in comparison to some of micheal 's other works . however , the lyrics are reassuring and inspiring , none-the-less , and make the entire experience worthwhile . buyers who are curious about enigma probably should n't start with this album , as it seems to be one of those things you appreciate only after hearing some of the latter releases . ( in my case , at least . ) the first album i purchased was ' love , sensuality , devotion ' ( the greatest hits album ) - - a good start , considering you will get a fair idea of what enigma is all about . by the way , i am curious about track number 2 - - everytime i listen to it , i faintly hear sandra chanting " open your heart , and push the limits.. . " in the background , though it could just be my imagination . it 's strange that i mention that , because ' push the limits ' was released after this album 
music pos 891.txt both the italian version ( io canto ) and the spanish version ( yo canto ) are excellent , and amongst the best albums that i have heard this past year . the music is absolutely beautiful , fresh , and very well paced , and laura 's voice is soaring ! the quality of this album is exceptional....the production of the songs lends to laura 's very passionate approach to them . without understanding a word of either version , i cannot get enough of them ! listening to laura on this latest release of hers over and over again , each song continues to grow on me and i find myself completely absorbed in this album ! do yourself a favor and get this one....especially if you live in the united states . it will give you an opportunity to experience the power of what music can be if done right . you 'll find yourself relating to words you do n't even understand ! 
music pos 444.txt this is the only albulm i have of the exies for christmas i am getting the last albulm . if its the same as this one the exies must be good . this is the best albulm i have listened to . my favourites are ugly , babtise me , splinter and dear enemy my least favourites are none i like every song its an amazing albulm . ihave listened to some of the tracks over and over again and everytime i think wow this band should be more popular from craig from the uk 
music pos 328.txt this cd has so much going on and going for it - it 's one of the number one releases this year for jazz fans . lee ritenour is one of those guitarists who sculpted much of the west coast evolutions in jazz during the 80 's and you can hear why people followed his flavor on these tracks . he 's never sounded better and the musicians who contributed with him on this cd are tight and magnificent in their own right . " blue in green " is one of my favorite jazz compositions by miles davis and ernie watts on tenor sax more than does it justice . " ocean ave . " is as breezy and beachy as i think it 's meant to be . my favorite tracks are easily " she walks this earth " ( ivan lins ' vocals are bossa nova beautiful ) , " blue in green " and predictably for me " papa was a rolling stone " with powerful , crystal clear , unique trumpet by chris botti and soulful , rhythmic vocals by kenya hathaway and grady harrell . i went looking for that track because i am transfixed by chris botti 's trumpet and what i found was a remarkable cd in its entirety . happy me . ; 
music pos 302.txt in the early 60 's etta james was to r&amp ; b what patsy cline was to country . she could cross over and yet remain true to her roots , and that 's only one part of a nearly 50 year career ! from the velvety cross over soul of & quot ; at last&quot ; to the hard driving memphis soul of & quot ; tell mama&quot ; , this is one legend who certainly deserves a wider audience than she has today . she ranks right up with aretha franklin as an influential vocalist . i took far too many years to discover her power . if you have n't given her a serious look yet , stop wasting time and begin here 
music pos 867.txt this ep is so good , that words cannot do it justice . they thought so too and exercised restraint ( no lyrics ) on this album . it is a departure from the previous album from the vapor of gasoline ( which is also a very good album ) in other ways , too , however ; it features a more delicate production and more intricate interplay between the instruments . the production is such that it highlights the timbre of each instrument and , thus , their interdependency , whereas the previous album seemed content to let everything settle into a murky consistency at various points ( usually when things started to rock ) . ftvog also had the problem of being a bit monotonous ( of course : in the end , you grew to enjoy it for all its shortcomings ) . all the suits began to fall off seems to be flawless , however - a well-rounded tour ; very beautiful , bold and particular . try if you like : john fahey , tortoise , june of 44 , sea tiger , etc 
music pos 962.txt i usually do n't do album reviews but i gotta say this was tight from beginning to end and i was shook that this was given a low reading by a magazine i call & quot ; the sauce&quot ; so many of yall need to stop reading magazine ratings and come to sites likes this and read your own peers ratings . word of mouth is bliss . a-g-2-a-ke who came out on rap-a-lot has n't come out with a cd since this classic . i 'm salty they did n't & quot ; make it&quot ; because this was heavily slept on 
music pos 638.txt i pretty much agree with ej rupert , but the good songs on this soundtrack are so strong that they make this album damn near classic all by themselves . i gave this album 4 stars for that very reason . though it was never released as a single , " my block " is one of tupac 's best songs ( pre death row era is the best ' pac in my opinion ) . i do n't think there 's any question that every rap music fanatic recognizes red and meth 's " how high " as an unquestionable classic ( and this is the grimy version of how high....not the fluffy remix ) . i still get open to that beat 11 years later . though it is somewhat formulaic , " poppa luv it " is still a dope cut from ll cool j . bone thugs n harmony , mary j . blige , and onyx contribute " everyday thang " , " everday it rains " , and " live ! ! " which show each artist in vintage form in my humble opinion . also , " sowhatyousayin ' " is the ideal west coast gangsta track in my mind . even when you get past those great tracks , you have other bangers like " kill dem all " [kali ranks] , " glamour & glitz " [a tribe called quest] , and " still ca n't fade it " [warren g.] that still make for a great listening experience . hell , even the dove shack blew up on the strength of " summertime in the lbc " . and the live version of biggie 's " me & my b*tch " is definitely different from the studio version and it 's great . there 's plenty to love about this album . i also agree that there are too many filler tracks . " what 's up star " , " ol ' skool " , " domino 's in the house " and " zoom zooms & wam wam " all fall under the filler category . actually , the filler tracks are the only things wrong on this album and i 'd say that only 10% of the album is filler . the rest is bangin' . the show soundtrack is definitely a worthwhile pick up for any hip hop fan . there are bangers on this album that make it a must own . if you were into hip hop around the time this came out , you remember when half of these songs were played for the first time . there are definitely some classic tracks on this album . i highly recommend it . also , for those of you that want more artists represented , check out the " rhyme & reason " soundtrack ( which is pretty much similar to this , but with better collabos ) . you 'll find a lot of artists there too . standout tracks : poppa luv it , my block , live ! ! ! , kill dem all , summertime in the lbc , how high ( my favorite ) , everyday thang , everyday it rains , and me & my b*tch [live 
music pos 97.txt omg ! ! this is relient ks best cd yet . you should buy it , even if you did n't care for their other cds . because....well...it rocks ! ! 
music pos 17.txt dylan...along with late nobel prize winning czeslaw milosz...may someday be recognized as preeminent prophet-poet of decadent pm west . milosz[in tradition of towering european mystic / gnostic intellectual poet / philosophers ( blake-swedenborg to solovyov and dotoyevsky ) ]ranks amid a brotherhood summoning mankind to recollection-in-reckoning and hopeful repentance where the good may be rescued , reaffirmed and rejuvenated for all.america 's modern isaiah , bob " dylan " zimmerman the jokerman 's jokerman is unique to the usa ( and the world ) as post-modernism 's john-the-b prophet minstrel . the slow train is apocalypse now ! coming at warp speed.our political-circus clown neroes ( tweedle dees & tweedle dums ) continue fiddling as union 's sundown " auto de-fe of the usa " feeds maws of moloch with aborted children ; orwellian schools and inbred culture of spiritual , moral and pseudo-intellectual manques who celebrate death as ultimate freedom and anti-salvation.infidels pulls no punches:the jokerman 's final battle with the man of'peace'has begun . pc " neighborhood bullies " have begun worldwide assault from the middle east to local american classroom.. . [new york based college board will now purview and judge every single advanced placement course syllabus for every high school in the united states ( ca:2007 ; cf:apcentral.collegeboard.com ) the academic comissariat is here ! ]... if you want to study " real " da vinci code , listen to america 's recognized-but-hardly understood ( i & i ) genius who deserves " ears to hear " . ( it 's too late for wilson 's smile ; mcguinn may be " going nowhere " again ) dylan 's master works ( slow train coming & infidels ) are tocsin summons : look into the firey furnace:see rich men ( & wo 's ) without any names who with concupiscent greed ; self - " love and theft " ; plot self-apotheosis and our ultimate enslavement . ( 777 nova super stars ) 
music pos 126.txt this cd is soo cool ! ! i love all the songs ! they are all good efforts . i especially like mr. coffee you have gotta hear that song ! other than that this is a great cd ! ! buy it today ! ! you 'll enjoy i 
music pos 80.txt dave alvin 's sublime new cd is a cadre of songs written by californians either born and / or who grew up in this land . the lyrics talk about what it means to live and love in the land of dreams and broken promises . it is also a look at the story of the frontier in this large western state . dave alvin has a voice that is deep and smooth and like a friend of his said " infiltrates your brain like a shot of jack daniels . " dave alvin says " we started with a list of 25 songs , from steve gillette to captain beefheart and everything in between . i was even thinking of doing ' going back to cali ' as a blues thing . in the end , though , it was n't about choosing my favorite songs so much as choosing songs that i could sing well enough and arrange differently enough to make them interesting . " he has picked these songs carefully and each of them fit his style and voice well . of them all , and i like each and every one , my two favorite interpretations are " here in california " and " surfer girl " " california bloodlines " is a sentimental rendition of john stewart 's fine work , which finds peace in knowing " there 's california bloodlines in my heart / there 's a california woman in my song ... and a california heartbeat in my soul . " " redneck friend " the jackson brown less well known song was just right for dave alvin 's style . " kern river " is a song merle haggard wrote after losing his best friend , and it is a melancholy rendition . " blind love " from tom waits is sung in a bluesy style with some doo wops thrown in to give it style . " here in california " one of my favorites is sung with christy mcwilson . he felt this song needed a woman 's perspective . " i 'm bewildered " is an old richard berry , the great guitarist 's tune . backed up by the calvenes . " sonora 's death row " written by blackie ferrell is a fable that examines the price of acting out of greed and anger and ends up a as gun fighter 's tale . " down on the riverbed " is an old los lobos song that is sung in dave alvin 's old blues style . " between the cracks " a song written by dave alvin and tom russell is a heartbreaking tale of young boy told by a loving woman , with a rollicking tune . this is the only dave alvin orignal song in this cd . " do n't look now " a song sung by john fogerty is an old creedence clearwater revival . bluesy and fun to make it dave's . " tramps and hawkers " by jim ringer is a delicate country waltz , come dance with me , bk . lyrics are wonderful . " loser " by jerry garcia and robert hunter , is darker with more infused blues than garcia 's version . it could n't sound less like a deadhead song . dave alvin put in a psychedelic section that is a tribute to the san francisco sound " surfer girl " brian wilson 's first song is done with doo-wops and again the calvanes did background . this is my favorite of dave alvin 's interpretations , and he sings this surfin'song with some tongue in cheek . dave alvin gives voices of california to this cd . voices from the california coastline and the surf music it inspired to the " brown earth of the state " to the frontier life and the lives won and lost . dave alvin had made his mark on this state , and the writers who loved their lives by writing and singing about the state they love . play it often and pay attention to the subtle influence of this cd . " california dreamin ' ? " highly recommended . prisrob 6-04-06 
music pos 901.txt i got the pleasure of seeing albert open for bb king . unfortunately for bb king , because once albert started playing his flying v , with blues power , he demoralized anybody that came after him . he had the entire universal amphitheater standing . and stayed standing for most of his show . blues power is one of his best . get , listen , and then really listen . because you can feel your skin crawl with extacy from those notes. . 
music pos 892.txt in this cd laura pausini performs songs from a variety of italian singer-songwriters . she ads her personal touch to all of them , of course . the results are lovely and inspired . a lot of the songs already had versions in castellano , but laura and her team have written new spanish lyrics to some of them . all of these songs were made famous by their creators . most of the songs are ballads , but there are some midtempo tracks in the title track , " dos " ( due , by raf ) and " estrella gemela " ( by eros ramazzotti ) , and danceable pop in " mi banda toca rock . " i do n't know about the comment from the reviewers below about " mi banda toca rock " as menudo song ( a horrible thought to some of us ! ) , but the original italian version was fun . it 's not a bubblegum song , but about the combination of traditional latin music ( latin in the original sense , all the musical varieties of romance-language speakers ) and rock music , something that was starting to happen when the song was written . this reminds me that someone was commenting that one of the songs had some sections in english . i believe they are wrong about the song . " estrella gemela " has some sections in english , but that is the way it was originally written and performed by eros ramazzotti ( in italian and spanish ) , to emphasize the influence of african-american gospel music in the song . laura also references this influence by using gospel chords at the start of the song . all in all , this is a great album , so give it a shot . whether you speak the language or not , the italian version of the album is even better . laura just keeps getting better with time ! laura sei bravissima 
music pos 826.txt quem no gosta de samba , bom sujeito no  ,  ruim da cabea ou doente do p...essa letra desse samba serve para definir melhor o cd da marisa monte . quem no gostar dele ,  doente da cabea , do ouvido , do corpo , etc.  um trabalho dedicado , na medida certa para esta cantora , verdadeira diva da mpb . recomendo a todos . 
music pos 873.txt modern dub stylings from an assortment of recording artists , ranging from the bizarre and brilliant ( check the lost scrolls of hamarik 's darkly deranged how to find royal jelly ) , to the utterly unforgiveable ( namely , luciano 's appaling attempt at police & amp ; thieves ) . luckily for us , most of the tunes here fall into or around the former category , with great contributions from st. germain ( bouncing dub-disco on a dub experience ) , grant phabao ( updated roots righteousness on andub head yudu ) and boozoo bajou ( with the wonderfully cheesey divers ) . and let 's not overlook cottonbelly 's 90 's classic tempest dub , which resurrects an old scientist tune to spine-tingling effect . only the fairly plain seven dub and the aforementioned luciano really fail to ignite...all in all then , a worthwhile collection which works very nicely as a whole - providing you program the cd player to skip the occassional duffer 
music pos 21.txt poison the well are one of those bands that i was really big on right when i first started listening to them , but which faded a lot pretty quickly . i ca n't really say why . i like their work , but it does n't inspire me the way it used to . still , i do like them , and this album particularly . maybe not as much as opposite of december , but whatever . yes , this is n't as ' hardcore ' as their older stuff , but i 've never been hardcore kiddie . ( i 'm a metalhead ) and frankly , being a modern hardcore band ai n't much of a compliment in my book . it 's funny , lotsa tech-metalcore and other ' core derived bands are good , but most straight hardcore / metalcore is staggeringly boring . so , while old ptw was semi-technical metalcore , this album is pretty much just extremely loud emo . but , they now how to be ' emotional ' and not come across as sissies , ( well , most of the time ) and jeff does n't sing in an unbearably affected manner . course , the ' extremely loud ' part helps a lot too , and jeff 's growls / screams are absolutely devastating . way better than on their previous albums , and some of the best extreme vox from anyone , ever . as an extremely heavy emo album , the instrumentation here is pretty bland . there is n't much real riffing going on , not in the metal sense anyway , mostly just a single note / chord repeated a great many times , than another one etc. but , the vox and atmospherics carry the day . the standout track is ' crystal lake ' , an absolutely bestial piece of deathcore . i 've listened to quite a bit of death metal in my day , but this has got to be one of the most devastating tracks i 've ever heard , largely because of the absolutely impassioned vox . lotsa extreme vox lack emotion , but never moeria 's ( probably spelling that wrong , sorry ) that , and the instruments are more noteworthy , very nasty and chaotic . also , it earns points for taking some of the seriousness out the genre with its jokey lyrics . ( for the culturally backward , this song is a first-person narrative from jason voorhees , killer of most of the ' friday the 13th ' films . hence the name ' crystal lake' . ) there are no truly weak tracks here . ' ghostchant ' is a good opener , nicely displaying the extreme tonal dichotomy of the album , mixing the fierce screams with some nice melodic vox . ' loved ones ' is one of the very best tracks , again carried almost entirely by the powerful vox . tracks 5 is a cool two part thing mixing the rather pleasant , harmonica and bass driven intro with one of the more hectic , grinding main songs . the album takes a turn for the lighter at about track 8. ' apathy is a cold body ' is a very emo-y track , but it 's got a lot of nice melody to it , so it works . ' sound like the end of the world ' is another strange one . it 's a slow doomy piece with oppressive atmosphere and a thick layering of vocal lines . not the best thing here , but it works and it earns some points for being different . yes , a solid , if not great album . check it out 
music pos 707.txt i was introduced to nitin through my cousin who lives in england . she saw him live in london and raved about it...so off i went in search of this artist . he was difficult to find ; nonetheless i was determined . i am one of those people who love music from almost all genres , cultures and corners of the globe . in other words , i am not a radio-pop saccharine sweet loving music listener . i look for music that proposes thought ( although i do believe even top 40 has its place ) if you are looking for an album / artist that resonates emotion , along with a powerful subtlety check nitin sawhney out . you wo n't be disappointed . 
music pos 95.txt like many of the highly talented and innovative groups of the 1980 's , the pet shop boys were ahead of their time . this album was purchased mainly for " west end girls " and " it 's a sin . " play this album from beginning to end without interruption - it 's fantastic . " loves comes quickly " emerges for me as the best of the pet shop boys remarkable and unique sound - a composition reflecting orchestral complexity and pulsating energy . the great contributions of great britain and australia to music in the 1980 's in my opinion comes largely from their composers and performers effectively combining the power and harmonic complexity of some classical music compositions of the mid 1920 's to the early 1950 's ( no doubt the origins of some great movie scores ) with the emerging sophistication and always present upbeat effect of rock and roll . you will love the pet shop boys 
music pos 135.txt i like every song but 1 on this cd . they 're the same ones that 're on the movie and if you do n't like the movie , you probably would n't like the cd 
music pos 51.txt this album is absolutely beautiful . the full musical sound and talent of calexico together with the soothing warm vocals of iron & wine make the perfect match . it 's almost unheard of that i love every song on an album , but this one makes the cut . each song wraps you in a warm trance , a coccoon of well-being . it has a really positive emotional effect on me . it creates an ambiance of gentle strength . wonderful . i really hope to see a these two bands getting together for more albums 
music pos 71.txt just wonderful , wonderful ! even if you have n't seen the movie buy the music...so lovely and refreshing...of course , there is no one like van morrison ( always and forever a 5-star ) , he tops the all-time charts for me...kevin kline is so smooth with la mer...and the rest of the music is soulful and enchanting...you just ca n't miss with this one 
music pos 547.txt for someone who knows little about bach and wants to learn something , you could n't do better than to give them this cd . ormandy and the philadelphia orchestra give their signature warm , plush sound to the work of the great johann sebastian bach , making him sound very nearly like a romantic rather than a baroque or classical composer . this is not a bad thing- -some complain that bach , with his mathematical leanings , leaves them cold . that is n't possible with the inviting material on this cd 
music pos 672.txt if you 're a dion fan do n't miss this cd . all the hits including my favourite - donna the prima donna 
music pos 460.txt all-instrumental collections of bluegrass are hard to find , and if you like it when a band takes a break from singing and just plays their instruments , here 's your chance for total immersion . all the songs on this compilation are from rounder records albums released 1976-1998 , by artists with familiar names like alison krauss and tony rice , and others you may never have heard of . all are first rate , foot stompin ' renditions of bluegrass traditionals , with a few great originals - - bill monroe 's & quot ; bluegrass breakdown&quot ; and earl scruggs ' & quot ; foggy mountain chimes . &quot ; best known for most listeners is a rousing version of & quot ; orange blossom special&quot ; by the johnson mountain boys . if you like bluegrass with plenty of pickin ' at breakneck speed , this cd will keep you smilin ' through many , many replays 
music pos 508.txt tears for fears was not the average 80 's pop band , even if they looked like it on the surfice . they used synthsizers , drum machines with a meliodic and hook laden sound . but the music itself was often melancholy and they brought up serious issues like family values like few contemporary bands at the time had the guts to sing about . tears for fears got their name from arthur janov 's primal scream therapy and they band consisted of roland orzabal and curt smith , two highschool friends from bath , england . roland was the writer of most songs during the career while they both were co-singing . some of the music may sound a little dated today ( this being released in 1983 ) but the touchy subjects they bring up are still present today . the opener and title track is a great pop song and at the same time a good introduction to what is coming , it 's about children suffering without anyone noticing or caring . tears for fears trademark was mixing good pop with serious subjects and they really succeeded with that . " mad world " was one of the big hits and recently covered by gary jules and taken back to the charts again as the sountrack for " donnie darko " . the moody alternative song brings up the sad reality we 're living in , a world without rules or morals and the people suffering from it . excellent and haunting ballad . " pale shelter " was originally released in 1982 but failed to make it big on the charts , so the song was re-recorded , remixed and re-released and the result was a big hit even for " pale shelter " . the song is slow paced and distinct with guitars , synthesizers and percussion . it brings up the lack of love some children get cause of bad parenthood . " ideas as opiates " is almost minimalistic , it basically only feauture percussion and slow piano sound , the lyrics are also sparse . " memories fade " is also a stripped and melancholy song , with it 's haunting lyrics and saxophone it 's one of this album 's highlights . " suffer them children " is a synth laden pop song about children with problems growing up cause they 're ignored and not given too much love . watch me bleed " got very strong lyrics " heaven comes to he who waits / but i know im getting nowhere / and all the deeds of yesterday / have really helped to pave my way " and is overall another great pop / rock song . " change " was one of three big hits on this album , it got a trademark marimba sound and a great hook which paved the way to the charts . the song is focusing on the destructive behavior of a loved one . " the prisoner " is the darkest of songs with some very strong lyrics and arrangements suited for a horror film , the lyrics are sparse and they 're almost whispered . the last song is called " start of a breakdown " feautures a catchy synthesizer sound and meliodic percussion . why this song was not released as single is beyond me , but it 's one of the best songs . this remastered version feauture remixed of pale shelter " , " mad world " and " change and the non-album song " the way you are " is present . it 's another fantastic song by the way . uptempo with great percussion arrangements . nice it was added . overall , tears for fears magnificient debut was one of the most daring and thoughtful albums of the 80's . it 's equally intellegent and beautiful full of good lyrics and great arrangements . with this remastered version you get better sound + bonus tracks and the non album song " the way you are " . some of the songs may sounds a little dated today , considering all the new equipment used in today 's music , but the lyrics and subjects they brought up are just as present in today 's society . this album may get a little too personal and the lyrics get frightening when you listen closely to them at times , however if you 're a music fan that likes smart lyrics and lyrics that make sense then this is something for you . it 's a concept album and it very thoughtful and sincere . one of the greatest debuts of the 80 's , let alone albums . 
music pos 869.txt this is an amazing cd - i cannot believe that more people have not discovered charlie sexton . the songs are personal and beautifully written . the music rocks , and yet it 's different than any of sexton 's other music . he is a brilliant artist and this is a brilliant wor 
music pos 739.txt no other compilation of garland 's work exemplifies her genius and versatility than this astounding compilation that shows why she was the entertainment phenomenon that took the world by storm . all her original soundtrack performances are here , sounding magnificent . far superior to thin-sounding studio re-creations , this is the real deal , assembled with obvious skill , intelligence and dedication to the talented legend . in a sense , this should be the " soundtrack album " for that magnificent documentary about her that pbs produced a while back . do n't pass this up 
music pos 899.txt i first heard joe playing in that urgent style of his , on horace silvers ' & quot ; song for my father&quot ; album . the thing about him is that his playing has always sounded mature and developed , like he was born to play . on this cd , felicidade in particuliar , he simmers , builds to a rolling boil , and simmers again so nicely as he takes you to brasil . also the straight ahead playing on triste ' is nothing short of marvelous playing by the group ! the whole is cd is great . go ' head joe 
music pos 25.txt without a doubt , the highlight is the dvd of the 1975 show in london . " born to run , " the album , had put him on the cover of " time " and " newsweek " the same week in october , 1975 , one of the very few times that has happened for a non-news story . the publicity and hype generated by columbia records was so overwhelming that there was a backlash : " nobody can be that good . " so here we see his first show ever in the uk , playing to an audience of professional critics and amateur skeptics , people thinking , " hey , ' rock and roll future , ' this is the land of the beatles , the rolling stones , the who - who do you think you 're kidding . no unknown kid from america deserves ' time ' and ' newsweek . ' " the show begins in almost total darkness , a piano softly plays , then harmonica , and a soft spotlight lights the kid from new jersey who sings " thunder road , " accompanied by only piano . an unknown song at the time , " thunder road " has become a springsteen classic . imho , especially given the expectations , it is a perfect understated opening . the dvd has the entire show , including everything from the hard rock of " she 's the one , " and " born to run , " the song , to a much slowed down version of " for you , " an underated sleeper on his first album , " greeting from asbuty park , nj . " bruce accompanies himself on the piano and i swear , this version of " for you " is so beautiful it could be the scruffy new jersey kid channeling god . any skeptic who walked out of this show thinking springsteen was merely hype has no ears , no taste , or was xenophobic . the show gives more than a big hint that this springsteen guy is for real , as a songwriter and performer , and that " born to run , " especially , is an extraodinary album . there are only eight songs , but none are fill . repeated listenings of the four corners of the album ( before cds ) " backstreets , " " jungleland , " thunder road , " and the title song are so good they become.. . well , addictive , works of genius , and lead to still more listening . " tenth avenue freeze out , " " night , " and especially " she 's the one " could each be the centerpiece of almost any other album . even the whispered " meeting across the river , " fits and helps the album become a coherent whole . the songs taken together are more than the sum of the parts . as a footnote i 'll offer the opinion that bruce only wrote one other album that is as good as " born to run " and that is his next one , " darkness on the edge of town . " everything he has released is good ; a good bit of it is great , but i do n't think anything else matches " born to run " or " darkness . " i do n't know if two other back to back albums this good have ever been released . the dvd of the show gives us a big early peek at the guy who would develop into rock 's greatest performer . by 1985 he would be the biggest rock star in the world , selling out multiple nights at football stadiums . the remastered cd is nothing special to my ears . perhaps an audiophile could hear improvement . the dvd , " the making of ' born to run , ' " is interesting , but will probably appeal mainly to fans . however the dvd of the 1975 london show ought to appeal to anyone who likes bruce , or rock & roll , or showmanship , or history . its a treat 
music pos 555.txt this will be short . it is worth the price of this album just to hear the branford and harry connick jr. duet carolina shout . that being said , all of the other tracks on this album are excellent . from jungle blues to doug wamble 's solo guitar on autumn lamp , with this record you get a pile of blues and at the same time gain an appreciation for romare breaden 's art . a must have . branford keeps outdoing himself 
music pos 539.txt i assume you already know what 's on this recording or you would n't be here , right ? do n't you probably have a thirty-year-or-so old vinyl copy of this that you have n't listened to for years because it 's dusty and has scratches and pops and who listens to that stuff anymore anyway ? well , i wo n't review the music here because others have done better than i would , but i will say that listening to this remaster through a high quality set of headphones ( sennheiser ) has enabled me to hear this as if it were the first time . it 's totally worth the money to get this new version , and the bonus tracks just make it even more fun . 
music pos 789.txt while volume 1 of the dream babes series is more accessible with its very girly girl group pop , sun-shiney vocals - volume 2 offers a little bit of everything - from pop r&b , girl group vocals , pop , swinging pop & even some very early school grrl rock ' n roll - they might be a little more lyrically serious ( hence the subtitle reflections ) but if anything , that 's a good thing . it 's nice to hear that women were trying different styles and genres and not just singing about about boys ... and also know - these are not just timepieces to be admired from a distant - these are all still fun , interesting and downright cool to hear again or for the first time . if you 're a collector , this whole series should be on your checklist 
music pos 743.txt all i want to know is when is the next album going to be released ? i ca n't wait ! this album is fantastic 
music pos 997.txt i have been looking for a particular song for several years . this album had it 
music pos 680.txt three six mafia has out done there self with this new guy chrome about every song is decent which is hard to find these days 
music pos 667.txt this album has new meaning to me now in 2007 , where i go to a college next to a high school , where i see a bunch of " punk rockers " spending lots of money to make sure their hair is pretty and that their clothes are properly tattered to maximize trendiness . there are plenty of punk rock bands out there that keep the spirit of social distortion alive , but sometimes their music is hard to find , and all the posers you see start to slowly extinguish that old punk rock fire . albums like this exist for times like those . just stick it in , turn up the volume , and rock out 
music pos 848.txt as a pretty big comedy fan thanks to xm radio , i have listened to a lot of comics and i own a lot of comic cd 's ( mitch hedberg , bill hicks , emo philips , lewis black , steven wright , pablo francisco etc. ) and my absolute favorite is unprotected . there is not a slow part on this cd and it never fails to bring everyone to tears on a long car ride . his quick and merciless wit is better than any other comic in the us . his family must be very understanding since he does n't hesitate to include every detail of their personal lives in his act , but it all serves to create a punchline that we can all relate to . the highlights of this cd are his daughter 's boyfriend and guidelines for resuming sex after a heart attack . i highly highly reccomend this 
music pos 611.txt jeff beck is the best guitarist on the planet and has been for a very long time . what you get here is an abbreviated version of him live . his song selection is not the best , but freeway jam which is one of my all time favorite beck songs is included . you also ger scatterbrain and blue wind . she 's a woman the old beatles song is also included . jeff beck at this time was playing some of his best guitar and his solo instrumental career was taking off . the songs with the jan hammer group to me are very average and infact distract what beck is trying to to . unfortunately this is his only live album from his instrumental era . i truely wish he would release a dvd of himself in concert for those who either havent seen him live or would like to see him live on dvd . the idea was good , the cd is too short and not up to snuff 
music pos 99.txt you can resume eddie cochran very well with one cd.after all , when he died he was only 21 years old.this selection is almost the same if you except 5 songs of the legendary master series released in 1990.his best songs are there:summertime blues was of course a favorite of the who , who often featured it in their concerts.i am particularly fond of jeannie , jeannie , jeannie , c'mon everybody and the marvellous somethin'else with it 's great shuffle , a trademark of eddie.if you are interested in rock 's early days , you 'll enjoy this cd 
music pos 939.txt this is a compilation , but the original incense and peppermints album was really revolutinary for the time . i will date myself now , but i remember hearing this song on the radio in our car and was mesmerized by it . it was the first lp i had ever bought . i actually wore out the groves on the lp and came across another a few years ago . to this day , almost 40 years after i first heard the strawberry alarm clock , i still like incense and peppermints as well as their other songs . their style ranges from acid rock to jazz . the musicians are all very talented and the band works as a team as opposed to many of the bands of the era . their recordings are really high quality and certainly not over processed like a lot of today 's music is . sac was in an era where 60 's music was in transition from the early beatles and old time r&r sound to a more acid rock sound . lyrics like ' tune in , turn on , turn your eyes around. . look at yourself ' were typical of sac 's lyrical style as well as the thinking of the times . it was an odd time . on one side , we had woodstock , mini-skirts , muscle cars and fun fun fun , but , on the dark side , there were civil rights problems and the viet nam war . this transitional period was a kind of awakening for the country and for music . although not as popular as names like the doors , jefferson airplane and steppenwolf , the strawberry alarm clock still had a huge following . my only regret is that i did n't get a chance to see them ( or the doors ! ) when they came to the city where i lived during the late 60's . this album is a nice compilation of sac 's hits . the songs are as fresh and original sounding as they were almost 40 years ago . 
music pos 137.txt although the real roots lie with the black artists who inspired these guys , the pbbb is where the hippy generation , ( this is a couple years pre-san francisco , and before the stones and beatles began stretching their arrangements out on record ) , learned to just play . their next record was more representative of what they were actually doing live at time time , and is the single greatest influence on what became the san francisco sound of the late 60 's and early 70 's , ( really long and experimental jamming ) , so this is in fact the & quot ; roots of the roots of the roots&quot ; of todays jam bands and guitar-heavy blues bands , mixed-race bands , and , for all practical purposes , the white-blues-man in todays ' world 
music pos 920.txt i bought this for my wife , a huge fan of patrick o'brian ( she 's read the books twice in the past two years alone ) . ironically , it now sits in my car 's cd shuffler where it undoubtedly gets the most airtime . i love this music ! as another reviewer mentioned , with some cofee ( killick , there ! ) , this music and desolation island in your hand , you feel transported to a life of long ago . when men sang to rouse the soul , brighten the spirit , damn the enemy and win the heart of their colleen ( sorry...nancy ) - all with spine , mind and muscle fully intact . the harmonies are rich , the voices deep . and yet , the last reviewer 's questions have the faint ring of truth . my first hearing rang a bit flat , the music sounding just this side of stale . but , in the end , it just do n't signify . even on that first run , by the end of the cd i was clumsily , but merrily joining in with the crew . i suppose i have come to imbue the songs with a life of my own , belting them out at full volume down the highway . i hope you enjoy them as much as i do 
music pos 593.txt " debut " is used to describe someone 's first release . not their third . a classic , 5 stars...pmg in an exciting , formative mode 
music pos 788.txt as a band , the byrds are one of the greatest and certainly one of the most influential bands in rock and roll history . adding to that legacy , " mr. tamborine man 's " status as one of the greatest debut albums in rock history is almost without question . this band could do it all ; country , folk , rock , jam , psychedelica , etc , etc. and this debut was perhaps the pinnacle of their achievements . though they would venture into much more adventurous territory ( " notorious byrd brothers " ) , this was where the band was the most solid , the most tight collectively . dylan 's influence is everywhere from the get-go ; 4 of his songs span the album , including the title track which the byrd 's turned into his only #1 hit . elsewhere , there are two other covers , but the songs with the best longevity are originals , mostly penned by gene clark . witness the tortured romance of " i 'll feel a whole lot better " and " here without you " and tell me he was n't a great songwriter . roger mcguinn ( or jim , if you like ) was quick about finding his signature nasally croon that would go on to influence tom petty , among others . obviously , not everyone had found their place ; songs by chris hillman and david crosby are nowhere to be found . but " mr. tamborine man " stand today every bit as tall as the early works of dylan and the beatles . this is the album that set the standard for folk-rock from then on , from buffalo springfield to rem to toad the wet sprocket to the most current emo bands . overall : 10 out of 10 
music pos 978.txt you have not heard his voice until to have heard andras schiff play the well tempered clavie 
music pos 634.txt ok ( i imagine there 's still drool over my & quot ; earlier&quot ; review...and my wife is none too pleased either.. . ) truth or dare time ! i bought this cd out of none-too-scientifical curiousity , that , and & quot ; let me blow ya mind&quot ; - and guess what ? i 'm beginnin ' to dig the entire cd . as i mentioned , 99 & amp ; 44 / 100th% of & quot ; rap music&quot ; fully explains to me what gregg allman meant when he sang , & quot ; it 's not my cross to bear . &quot ; ok , that being said , eve pulls no punches ( although the & quot ; skits&quot ; on the thing about wet myself laughing ) , and she 's not a lady whom 'd i 'd like to cross . but & quot ; i bought the ticket , so i 'm gonna take th ' ride . &quot ; and enjoy myself mightily while doing so. . 
music pos 964.txt for the past few years it has been very difficult to locate candid jazz cds , the label that critic nat hentoff created over forty years ago . this was a real shame because some classic recordings , including booker little 's " out front " and max roach 's " we insist ! : freedom now suite , " were on this label . i am happy to report that it was not because all of the albums were being deleted , but because they were ( slowly ) being remastered . now some of the seminal early recordings of iconoclastic pianist cecil taylor are resurfacing , like " jumpin ' punkins " and now " the world of cecil taylor . " it is my opinion that taylor 's currently unavailable ( at least domestically ) " new york city r&b " and " world of c.t. " are two of the great new jazz recordings of the early 60s . " world , " recorded over two successive days in october 1960 , is basically a trio date , with buell neidlinger on bass and dennis charles on drums , and archie shepp joining on tenor sax for two tracks , " air " and the standard " lazy afternoon . " this disc is one of shepp 's first recorded performances and the saxman apparently had trouble with taylor 's music - - i recall the now out of print mosaic set of this material collecting some 15 plus outtakes of " air . " but the master takes are truly masterful , and i am delighted that with this cd available once again , we can all return to " the world of cecil taylor . 
music pos 614.txt i have listened to this wonderful soundtrack and i think it is superb ! ! i now know that the alien movies rock ! the tone of the music fits the movie . i especially like & quot ; ripleys them&quot ; because it reflects on what has happened with ripley through-out the movie . the cloning , learing , remebering and also meeting her clones . i would also like to say that the movie was excellent aswell . the cast did a great job , acting their hearts out . jean-pierre jeunet should be proud of the music and his film.so if you are n't an alien fan , you sure as heck will be after you listen to the soundtracks ! ~ jenna 
music pos 620.txt which i suppose i 'm not allowed to say , what with the worldwide phenomenon that was songs from the big chair . but i think it 's right . roland took the opportunity following the breakup with curt to make an aggressively postmodern record , and return to the steely-eyed austerity that the lyrics on the hurting always suggested . indeed , this album is continually proving to be ahead of its time ; as a previous reviewer noted , " goodnight song " has what has since become a familiar aor sound . i call it the first " coldplay " song , and it 's fair to suggest that band would never exist without tears for fears . roland also finally nails the pacing of an album here . on songs and seeds , 8 tracks was not enough to allow for a full dynamic arc , a sense of opening , progression , and completion ; the 10 songs here have room to breathe , vary significantly between each other and finally close satisfyingly with " goodnight " . as both roland and curt have matured , they have also mellowed . the anger they felt at the world and towards each other seems to be gone . and their latest album , everybody loves a happy ending , has none of the dge that made their older stuff so energizing . but cds do n't age , so pick this sucker up . it really does n't get much better 
music pos 286.txt although i like this album , there 's nothing that especially stands out about it . it 's typical bright eyes , and if you already love the band you wo n't be disappointed . however , it 's not one of their best albums . it 's not as good as lifted , not as addicting as fevers and mirrors , and not as raw and endearing as letting off the happiness . but yet again , conor succeeds in writing songs that capture all of the emotion without making me ill in a dashboard confessional sort of way 
music pos 238.txt really nothing on this is bad . the best imho is rubyhorse , the brian jonestown massacre and the subways but a case could be made for any of the songs . the only problem is now i have 8 other cds i need to buy 
music pos 511.txt darren aronofsky 's movies are beautiful masterpieces . from " pi " to " the fountain " , going through " requiem for a dream " , they will forever stand as timeless jewels . so they are hard to top in any way , but clint mansell has been able to do it every single time , scoring each of them . for " the fountain " , he teamed up once more with kronos quartet and had scottish post-rock band mogwai join in too , to produce a score that fits the movie like a glove , in a very organic way . the central theme to the movie is instrumented in a way that works fantastically well across all the time periods the movie encompasses . the combination of the talents of mansell , the quartet and mogwai yields a relatively dark , yet breathtaking musical piece that will stand the test of time much like the movie it was meant to score 
music pos 479.txt these 3 discs ( there is a limited edition 10 disc set which has obviously sold out ! ! ) are a continuation of live dead . if you have n't heard the dead live then start with this or live dead . you will realise why to many they were america 's greatest improvisational rock band . the playing , the interplay between the musicians - particularly garcia and lesh is staggering . and how about a big hand for bill kreutzman on drums 
music pos 500.txt i love this cd ! i often put it in my personal cd player and take it to the coffee shop to help me as i study french . the music is relaxing but not sleep-inducing . steven halpern composes great music 
music pos 605.txt a top quality recording with all of artie shaw 's favorites . artie 's music as fresh today as when it was recorded - with the power and appeal that hits you right between the eyes 
music pos 991.txt this is pure inspirational quintessential oteil and the peacemakers . it 's gospel , funk , jazz , rock.. . features his distinctive scatting and amazing bass , a wonderful blend of talent.. . glorious vocals.. . you will not regret this purchase.. . it 's a joy all the way through from beginning to end. . 
music pos 216.txt i have loved the swans since my danceteria days in early 80s new york . but its a fitful , frustrating love . you get the sense from ' incandesent ' that the swans forgot to stop partying . that they never took the time to put together more than a handful of songs . oh , but what songs they were . this collection is for completists and aging post-punker ( like myself ) who wished they 'd shared a pint with the boys back when simply getting stoned was a subversive act . its a nice collection of beautiful , quirky oddities here . but a few gems are missing " holy holy " , " 1982 " , " world of milk and blood " come to mind . maybe on an ' ashes ' reissue . in the meantime , scoop this up . simpson & company deserve the attention . if you really care about the band , buy it directly from their label , renascent . that way the company ( and the band ) can make a few pennies . maybe enough to mine the crates for a second hits collection . 
music pos 203.txt first up i give this album a 4.5 / 5 for the fac that it has real hiphop beats and good lyrics . real hiphop , they stayed true to the sound . i just didnt give it a 5 since im not the biggest tcq fan and of that style . but all these emcees spit hott lyrics in this album . tracks like " keep it movin " , " hot sex " have ill beats . this album does have a real jazzy sound to it , which im not the biggest fan of , but its more of a unique style , and they deserve props for trying new styles . so overall this is a really good album , and worth getting . my top 5 songs 1.buggin out 2.hot sex 3.oh my god 4.luck of lucien 5.keep it movi 
music pos 196.txt the title gets it right - this is a very fun album . there are a lot of great songs on here . infectious lyrics and music - it still surprises me that matthew sweet is n't more popular than he is . one other thing...it 's a sin that " we 're the same " was n't a bigger hit than it was . truly a great song 
music pos 989.txt let me the say that the vocals on this cd may be painful at first , yet you get over them very quickly , except for a few spots . even so , they do not lower my score for the album , and at times are quite catchy . savage - good riffs , good solos , catchy , purely driven madness to start this insane album . 93 / 100 where my fortune lies - the intro is absolutely nuts , and the highlight of the song . probably my least favorite after this , yet the solos are still out of this world . 87 / 100 ninja - what a great song ! the intro is one of the greatest things i have heard in my life , and this song may actually have you humming along at points . ninja ! very well laid out , and the solos at the end are the best so far on the album . brilliance . 97 / 100 concerto - amazing once again , and becker the 17 year old prodigy showcases himself throughout . he proves he is the master of sweeping and arpreggios all over this album , and this song is an insane instrumental that captures melodies like none other . more notes played in 4 1 / 2 minutes than in george harrison 's entire career . 98 / 100 burn the ground - fastest on the album solo wise in fact becker is so fast it is hard to believe that its human . very melodic too except when there are vocals , the song is kinda of disgusting . 87 / 100 desert island -another amazing song very well laid out with great solos and great riffs . the outro is the perfect intro to speed metal symphony . the vocals are actually good on this song , like ninja . , an entertaining song . 97 / 100 speed metal symphony - nine minutes of shredding and arpreggios and all kinds of melodic madness that is beauty to any shredder 's ears . everything about this song is good . 97 / 100 there is n't much to say about this album except becker and friedman show they are true masters of their instruments and are able to play in a melodic and listenable way . i would recommend this over yngwie malmsteen , who has not improved since his first album 
music pos 850.txt this is one of the most beautiful , restorative collections of celtic music i have ever heard . haunting , sublime harp , cello , guitar , flute , and soundscapes create an atomosphere of serenity for meditation , prayer , or simply unwinding the mind and emotions . the poetry which originated each selection is included and provides a meditation in itself . highly recommended 
music pos 255.txt i , like many others , have been waiting for this album for quite some time . right from the first track , i was hooked . " all my days " is a haunting , melodic , heartbreaking opening to a fantastic album . " breathe " has a subdued yet powerful message . " home " is just plain fun . " song for you " is sweet , somber , and hopeful . however , i must say that the four songs version of " orange sky " is what i consider to be the greatest song ever written . however , the time without consequence version is devastatingly bad ( when held up to the light of the original ) . the new version is too fast , has an inexplicably irritating percussion , and just does n't dig into the soul the way the four songs version does . i will always be baffled by this remake . it is truly awful . its only saving grace is that the original is still available . but that is by no means any reason to avoid this cd . in fact , those who do not know the original " orange sky " may fall in love with this one . but it is my duty to warn those looking for an " orange sky " that matches the original that you will be severely disappointed . outside of this single-song complaint , this cd has vaulted to one of the best i own 
music pos 949.txt okay ! ! ! after their debut album , i was like okay , they are sad over the revolution being disbanded.well ! ! ! ! fruit at the bottom was like , okay , we 're over it , let 's jam ! ! ! i saw the video for & quot ; are you my baby & quot ; on bet ! ! ! they were just too funky for mtv back in the day ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the album was like a cup of yogurt ! ! ! ! ! the cream was at the top ! ! ! & quot ; lolly lolly&quot ; was like the princest cut-they stormed out of the box with the distorted helium vocals , then & quot ; are you...baby ? & quot ; , man , hold up ! ! ! ! you did n't see it comin ' ! ! ! ! you knew this is what they were capable of ! ! ! ! corey glover of living colour said this was one of his favorite albums ! then after the & quot ; satisfaction&quot ; blast with jesse johnson , formerly of the time and his own solo work , they slow it down for & quot ; always in my dreams&quot ; this was the jammm ! ! ! ! so melodic and works that just have you thinking about writing you own quiet storm ! wendy has always seem to sing from the heart ! she believes in the words and on this song , she 's showing the listener that love stilland always will exists . &quot ; form now on , we 're one&quot ; is my favorite track and i tell you why , lisa ! lisa ! lisa ! she 's so quiet ! when her vocals lead , you just listen ! ! ! ! the lyrics and the music are so uplifting , you just soar from the start to the end ! this is a special album because they sound like they had fun making it ! ! ! ! you 'll have fun listening to it ! ! ! ! 
music pos 987.txt good stuff ! an excellent collection of original and classic gypsy jazz tunes , artfully performed by jorgenson . i recommend it as an introduction to the virtuosity of john jorgenson and the genius of django reinhardt 
music pos 291.txt i used to be a bigger fan of joe satriani than steve vai about 10 years ago . now i quickly get bored of new satriani albums , but vai 's music just moves me . lotus feet for example , wow , words cannot describe what that song does to me . thanks steve 
music pos 507.txt i saw this band open for placebo in tampa , fl. i had never heard of them before that night . i bought the cd immediately . though it 's a bit plain , it 's a great cd . it 's a comforting kind of plain & it rocks . i played it in my cd player for about a month straight . the lead singers voice is unique . this band definitely has much potential to become a well known group . a great debut album . if you ever get to see them live do it ! their live show definitely makes the cd come alive . 
music pos 742.txt unless you frequented jazz clubs in baltimore or philly in the fall of 1955 , this would have been your first exposure to the miles davis-john coltrane collaboration ( a few tracks recorded for columbia , the label miles would soon be joining exclusively , a few weeks before this session were n't issued until much later ) . davis settled on coltrane as his replacement for the departing sonny rollins almost by default - no one else fit the bill or new the book . that they would stay together long seemed unlikely because their temperaments differed so much ( davis was a hands-off leader , coltrane wanted constant input from miles on his playing and music in general ) . stablemates ( a benny golson tune ) is the track that seems to draw the most attention . it 's an excellent composition , and although coltrane sounds somewhat tentative ( nervous ? ) , the performance is attractive . but my favorite side is there is no greater love , even though coltrane sits this one out : miles plays beautifully , and i love the emotion he wrings from the tune . true , this is an early effort by the group that would transform modern jazz , but it 's a very good session nonetheless . the group plays well , the rhythm section is rock solid , and they are all off and running . full speed ahead 
music pos 713.txt i purchased this cd after reading one of the reviews . i have another streetwize cd that i love , but i was a litter weary about getting this one ( jazz meets dre and all ) . but i am glad i made the purchase , as i am thoroughly enjoying it 
music pos 139.txt this has been my first cd of rod stewart and i am very proud to have this cd , because worth every penny . this cd has class . congratulations to the men behind . the duet with cher " bewitched , bothered & bewildered " is the best song.duet with queen latifah " as time goes by , " i was astonish , she has a nice voice too ! ! . all songs are relaxings . actually , i listen this cd before to go bed 
music pos 399.txt i have only recently become a country music fan . i was n't sure i would like faith hill , but this was the first cd of hers i purchased . from the very first song " this kiss , " i was instantly drawn into her music . what i love about her songs is that they are so real . " you give me love " is so real and so strong . it 's nice to hear a song that a woman sings about a man who is crying for a change . " the secret of life " has taken some getting used to . it is not my absolute favorite on the cd . " me " is the song that means the most to me since i have experienced trying to change for someone else in a relationship . and " i love you " is a heart-jerker for those who have loved someone from afar . she has a big voice , and she nails each song on this cd . give it a try 
music pos 935.txt percy grainger was a man of spectacular gifts . he was one of the most original composer / arrangers in the early part of this century . he was also a spectacular pianist in an age of spectacular pianists . this amazing cd documents grainger 's formidible gifts . it cannot be over-praised . both the music and the performances are well worthy of any piano lover 's attention . do n't miss this one 
music pos 678.txt i admit when i listened to this album i was blown away by the powerful content of kenny g 's music . i was moved by the story line and also by the music that was used during the movie . kenny g 's music is perfect for this kind of movie . not only that it adds flavor to the movie by his sensual playing of saxophone but also adds mood to the entire show . this is the perfect soundtract for the movie dying young because it just simply shows the real mood in the movie 
music pos 429.txt one of the greatest rap albums of all time . wicked backgrounds and rhyming 
music pos 919.txt whoa.. . this cd rocks , one of my favorite anti-flag albums for sure . this cd may not be what some of the harder punk fans want from anti-flag but i think it also shows they 're growth as a band . they can play more than just really loud hard punk ( though they play that awesome too ! ! ) . some of the songs on this album incredibly powerful , and some are really catchy too . war sucks lets party is a great anarchist anthem , and one trillion dollars is amazingly moving ( i mean , seriously ! 1 trillion $ spent on weapons around the world in 2004 ! ) every track is good and has its own message ! they seem to have no problem coming up w / new songs.. . there are so many things to ridicule in our gov . i just wish that more people would listen to this band 's message . peace and lov 
music pos 208.txt it does n't get any better than this . this album is a must have for all true judas priest fans . this is priest when they were really getting good . the guitars and the vocals rock you to the core 
music pos 938.txt i consider this to be one of the finest live coltrane recordings out there . it was also one of the first coltrane albums i picked up , and it was a fantastic gateway to some of his more abstract live recordings on followup releases like live at the village vanguard again and live in japan . this is much more similar to afro blue impressions which is another overlooked release . by this point in time , trane had already done some work with eric dolphy and his playing was growing in a much more abstract direction as we would hear on a love supreme just one year later . one of the reasons why this disc is overlooked is because elvin jones is replaced by roy haynes , while jones was serving some jail time . the absence of jones is noticeable but i still think this is worthy of five stars . the first 3 tracks are from the newport jazz festival and in addition to haynes and trane , we have the remaining quartet members , mccoy tyner ( piano ) and jimmy garrison ( bass ) . tyner is especially amazing on ' my favorite things ' which i consider the best version of that piece in trane 's entire catalogue . i consider it to be a bridge to some of his later recordings . this is because we get trane 's two sides . first of all there is great tone and lyricism in the first part of the piece . however , the song still goes on for 17 minutes and the interplay between tyner and haynes for much of it is amazing . rounding out the performance is billy eckstine 's ' i want to talk about you ' with a mesmerizing credenza which is a staple of trane 's technique , followed by a 15 minute version of ' impressions . ' again we hear trane 's two sides . on one hand we hear where he is coming from . which is the confines of other jazz gods like miles davis and thelonius monk . on the the other hand we can see where he is going , which is a much more abstract / free-jazz approach . once you can begin to understand trane 's more abstract side , you will find later recordings less challenging , such as interstellar space , meditations , or a love supreme . in addition to the three newport recordings , there is an extra track from november of 1961 from the village vanguard . ' chasin ' another trane ' is played by haynes and trane as well as dolphy on alto sax and reggie workman on bass . the presence of dolphy and the removal of piano makes this the most avant-garde piece on the record , almost reminiscent of early ornette coleman . coltrane really cooks on this record , and the sound quality is also pretty decent . it 's not as crystal clear as his carnegie hall concert with monk , but nevertheless , i consider it a great place to start for trane fans who are reluctant to embrace his later music . 
music pos 504.txt for those of us who thought phil collins was to be lost in the mass pop culture , think again.. . that was back in the early 80s when i heard this. . it is mastery distille 
music pos 679.txt that nigga 's crazy and bicentennial nigger both surpass this album in laughs , but it would still rank high if it was n't for the poor sound quality- -there 's a few audience members who can be heard a lot more clearly than pryor himself half the time . but some great classic bits , and believe me you 're never bored 
music pos 609.txt and finding stories of stacks of old vinyls , dripping yesterday and glowing always . cali 's finest , madlib , is definitely one of the heirs of dj premiere , pete rock , dj quik and other previous beat konductas that helped established the sound of true hip-hop as a platform where old school soul and new school technique are amalgamated . the latest madlib invasion is not for everybody ; those of us who 's butts were undeniably moved by tribe 's " low end theory " will definitely appreciate this endeavor . those of you who are tired of what mtv and other corporate entities and pass off as hip hop , clean out your crazy uncle otis 's attic check out the beat konducta . then walk down the street to mr. yancey 's house , go into his basement and check out j dilla 's " donuts . 
music pos 501.txt i got secret story as a christmas present last year . i had asked for imaginary day , because the only tune i had heard from pat metheny was " the roots of coincidence , " and i was itching for more . i still could n't wait to hear what was on secret story , but i was hoping it would be in the same vain as the roots of coincidence . what i ended up hearing was an incredible cd with a vast scope , filled with emotions that change from tune to tune . searching for tunes to sound like roots was not successful ; instead , i joyfully found a complete and very unique set . i agree with others that for maximum experience you should have enough time to listen to it in one sitting , straight through . the musical roller coaster is the most extravagant when done this way . i found myself trying to pick out favorite tunes , but i ended up picking ones for only a particular " mood " ( such as an upbeat or sedative one ) . i could just as easily pick a few different tunes for another mood . that 's why it 's fun to listen to it straight through : no other album of mine gives me so much in so little time . of course , metheny has apparently mastered the flow of the tracks , too : one leads right into the next , creating , oh , maybe a " story ? " i do n't know the story , but it 's a lot of fun to make up a different story each time you listen to it . i guess the tune that i most like to play , no matter what mood i 'm in , is " cathedral in a suitcase , " with it 's mesmerizing 3-against-2 beat and a well-crafted three-chord progression that it revolves around . tunes range from the euphoric ( cathedral , finding and believing , facing west , the truth will always be ) , to the sweet ( the longest summer , sunlight , always and forever ) , to the smooth ( rain river , antonia , as a flower blossoms , see the world ) , to the calm and reflective ( above the treetops , tell her you saw me , not to be forgotten ) . of course , this is all the tunes , and it makes for such a satisfying experience . since this is my first metheny cd , i am definitely going to pursue more . metheny seems worth my time and money 
music pos 280.txt " horizon " was a turning point in the recording career of the carpenters- -a more sophisticated sound more suited to karen 's rich and warm voice . but the album was rather short , and some of the songs just were n't up to the standards expected by their fans , which was reflected in the sales of the album , which was their slowest selling album up to that point . the opening " aurora " and the closing " eventide " ( the same melody with different lyrics ) nicely bookend the album , and aurora provides the first hint that this was not the average carpenters album . " only yesterday " follows ; this beautiful and uptempo song begins as a dolorous , downbeat ballad before segueing into the cheerful refrain . the cover of " desperado " is well done , but ultimately it is lost between the flashy tracks before and after it . " please mr. postman " is infectuously happy fluff ; it has absolutely no depth , but is irresistable while it 's playing and will have you singing along with karen . the big-band era " i can dream , ca n't i ? " reveals the new depths of karen 's voice , and the small jazz combo ensures that she is the focus of the listener . the third and final single from this album , " solitaire " begins the second half of the album on a ( metaphorical ) high note . the remaining full tracks ( " happy " , " i 'm caught between goodbye and i love you " , and " love me for what i am " ) are all less-than-captivating songs that greatly benefit from karen 's reading and richard 's arrangements 
music pos 285.txt i have just about all of robben 's albums and i believe that this is his best work . the interpretations and musicianship are outstanding . robben 's improvisational playing actually comes across more like composition . his technique is extremely melodic . he is , in my opinion , one the best blues guitar players around and his profound knowledge of jazz gives his music a very refreshing & quot ; twist&quot ; . check out his prowess on & quot ; you cut me to the bone&quot ; , & quot ; prison of love&quot ; or & quot ; my love will never die&quot ; 
music pos 560.txt ...yes , the beatles by which i 'm not comparing supergrass to them . no , supergrass are riding the road built by not only the beatles , but other british rock'n'roll greats like the kinks , david bowie , the zombies and many others . but the exploding energy of supergrass delivers a deeply satisfying listen that does not exist as frequently in the present 2000's . this will definitely be a group that will represent the virtouso side of british rock'n'roll of the 1990 's and 2000 's , and without doubt represent the bohemia-intellectual-hard rocking spark that has lighten recent generations that has been going on since circa-sgt . pepper . an intoxicating and highly addictive album . 100% recommended for anyone any age . 
music pos 874.txt this ancient jazz classic never sounded better.rudy van gelder did an excellent job remastering this one with the 24 - bit.he proves that it does matter who takes up the task of remastering this wonderful jazz classic . just keep them coming rudy 
music pos 591.txt how dare you compare oasis to phil collins . phil collins sucks and oasis rules ! how come you do n't get the message ? you 're retarded 
music pos 704.txt this cd was well worth the wait ! it contains music and artists that were previously unavailable and not even heard on the radio in years . i took one of the cds out of the box , put it in the player , and within minutes my wife and i were dancing . the sound quality , in my judgment is solid , the packaging is fun and creative , and the booklet containing the cameo parkway " story " was an interesting read . there will always be arguments about stuff that was included and not included , but this is an excellent overview of a wonderful era . what great fun to hear the orlons , chubby checker , the tymes , the dovells , bobby rydell , and dee dee sharp once again . 
music pos 169.txt i 'll have to accept that even tough i 'm not a great fan of this band they have impressed me with this new release , the lyrics are in some cases very deep and in songs like evil angel they can touch you right there . for me the band has progressed a lot and you can tell that in this album , it 's very melodic and more mature . also the acoustic version of " the diary of jane " is amazing . i personally recommend the songs " breath " , " evil angel " and my favorite " dance with the devil " 
music pos 908.txt dj quik ( the best producer ever ) did all the tracks in this one with help from robert bacon on some tracks . this album is just classic nuthin more to it ! 
music pos 210.txt this is a wonderful effort by the del castillo brothers and their band . mark and rick are great guitarists and the band is one of the best that i have ever heard . i hate that anyone would compare them to the gypsy kings or strunz and farrah , because i believe they ( del castillo ) are far superior . even though i am a huge fan of santana , i think brothers of the castle and vida are more entertaining and satisfying than santana 's last cd . if you are a fan of this genre , you should possess both del castillo cd's .....brothers of the castle and vida . their live show is among the best that i have ever seen 
music pos 662.txt what can i say about vince gill that his many fans have n't already mentioned . i had never been particularly interested in country music . but , one day i was listening to a country radio station and vince gill was singing & quot ; when ever you come around&quot ; and i was hooked . this cd is as consistant as all his others . great lyics and superb musicianship . i rate this five stars as i believe gill is one of the best singer songwriters in the world today 
music pos 513.txt this album has some of the best country songs in the business . mark sings songs straight from his heart . there are songs for every occasion from the slow ballads like & quot ; too cold at home&quot ; , & quot ; i 'll think of something else&quot ; , and & quot ; almost goodbye&quot ; to the fast , heels kicking & quot ; bubba shot the jukebox&quot ; , and & quot ; going through the big ' d' &quot ; . these songs are about real life realtionships and how they affect the heart . so if you 're in the mood to cry about that lost love or smile now that they 're gone this is the album for you 
music pos 550.txt i love almost all of these songs on this cd . if you want songs that grab your every emotion...this cd is for you ! i also recommend their other cds also 
music pos 685.txt la pelicula es mas o menos , pero la banda sonora es buena , en especial la cancion #1 crush de garbage , es una excelente cancion.. . 
music pos 724.txt while i am not a big fan of john mclaughlin or mahvishnu orchestra - i cannot deny that they really had something with this album. . it is something new - not just an extension of miles davis - they were breaking new territory.. . there is a cohesiveness amongst the band members - of course abounding with improvisational talent - this is fushion but first of all it is music 
music pos 580.txt the first four albums are so unbelievably great that for me it 's almost impossible to say one is better that the others . taken together , they are almost like one long album . the family that plays together shows the band turning a slightly more commercial corner without sacraficing any of their artistic integrity . their blending of styles is a bit mote intergrated than on the first . randy california 's influence on the music was becoming stronger as well . one thing that differd spirit from most of their comtempories was the strength with whch they were able to convey their songs in concert . i saw the original version 11 times and they never failed to astound me . it 's a shame that the only legitimate live recordings of the band are of the later ed cassidy / randy california version . not that the later versions of the band were n't great - they just were n't quite as good as the original band . if your'e just being introduced to spirit , the family that plays together is a fine place to start 
music pos 541.txt does anyone know whether this set will become available on sacd or dvd audio format ? how would you contact grp records to ask ? i only give it four stars until multichannel format appears . 
music pos 626.txt this is the latest entry in the lost legend series and it is the best alblum since the very first lost legends alblum release . the songs match up and compliment each other better than any of the previous alblums in this series , so well that it sounds like a dance alblum . i give it a high recommendation for any surf music fan . try alldirect.com for the best prices on this series of alblums 
music pos 633.txt i prefer the live versions of these pieces . its nice to get more material from that period but you can hear the strain that was going on at the time of this final album by this line-up . i was at the concert for live record and think that they ( the pieces that are on this cd ) really come alive when being performed live 
music pos 960.txt if you have never heard book of shadows by zakk wylde , then you may be suprised by this album . the two albums are similiar in that they contain a lot more acoustic guitar , and although i 'm not saying that past releases have not contained emotion , hm vi contains more . for example , take ' she deserves a free ride ' and the ballad ' fear' . the piano on this album is superb , haunting at one point and almost relaxing at another . however , there is just enough of past ' metal ' bls in this album - ' crazy or high ' and ' house of doom' . personal favourites are ' damage is done ' , ' layne ' and ' queen of sorrow' . there is something more in the solo 's - they come in at just the right time and as usual are perfectly executed - check out ' stepping stone ' for an example . the musicianship has got even better on this album , with the dodgy drums on 1919 eternal gone , and the bass that was pushed to the background in the blessed hellride is up there with zakk 's playing . this album is deep , moving piece that is the perfect successor to the blistering blessed hellride . ca n't wait for the new mafia cd to be released . 
music pos 624.txt other than that this is a proper introduction to the heavster 
music pos 326.txt i will state first off that i 'm one of those hipster snobs who dismiss pearl jam 's debut album , " ten , " as the whining chart-whoring pseudo-anthemizing overpriced-flannel-flying watered-down-grungifying crowd-surfer-pandering piffle that it is . if you think that makes me inherently biased ( unbalanced ? ) this review probably wo n't be " helpful " to you , and you can move on the other 250 or so reviews . if you decide to hear me out , i promise to be fair , ' cause even though i may be a hipster snob , i ca n't deny to myself the sweet rockin ' going on in " vitalogy . " this album represents one the best meeting points between what was then called " underground " or indie rock and the " classic " rock mainstream . thus the production quality is raw when it needs to be but polished enough so it does n't sound sloppy . ballads like " better man " and its companion piece " nothingman " are clearly influenced by neil young and even " nebraska " -era springsteen- -they 're sincere & emotional but not mushy & sentimental . " not for you , " with it 's lyrics about how eddie vedder 's small table has been invaded by uninvited hordes , is a none-too-subtle complaint about pearl jam 's status as " millions served " rock gods and a longing for the more stripped-down aesthetic of punk . that , of course , is more directly the point of " spin the black circle , " an old-fashioned punk barnstormer that sounds like a close cousin to sst-era husker du . for vedder , the joys of vinyl are that they seem " warmer " - -a symbol of " tradional values " in a rock ' n ' roll sense : independence , hard work and homespun crafts are better than the shiny , sterile corporate plastic of compact discs . never mind the fact that vinyl was just as much a product of corporate culture ; vedder just feels a pleasing wave of childhood nostalgia cradling a 12 " record sleeve in his arms and watching a needle bury itself into those mysterious black grooves . pearl jam may be in many ways traditionalists who long for the simple joys of just playing for the kids without corporate interference . on the other hand , the big corporate evil has enabled them to reach a huge audience , which in turn helped them finance the elaborate packaging of " vitalogy " - -it 's designed as a salute / satire of a very old hardcover book advising youths on good physical / mental / spiritual hygeine . the album , therefore , aims to strike a balance between the fondly-remembered rock stars of the band 's own youth ( the who , neil young ) and the more recent indie-punks that re-sparked their interest in the power of rock ( fugazi , sonic youth ) - -hence the title . the album is perhaps unnecessarily padded out with unfinished or noveltly tracks like " bugs " and " hey foxymophandlemama that 's me , " even though they 're intended to give the album a looser and more light-hearted feel . still , some of the songs that work the best are gloomy ones like " last exit " and the somewhat proggy sea chanty " tremor christ " ( whose title i dearly hope is meant more as metaphor than an endorsement ) . even though it 's uneven , " vitalogy " is the work of a self-reliant , even ornery band that 's in full control of their ideas- -even the bad ones . it 's also not their fault that they influenced the likes of true bottom-feeding whores like stone temple pilots and matchbox 20. 
music pos 775.txt this cd is well worth buying . but to you blues aficionado 's who rely on shaq 's recommendations , let me put it in terms you 'll understand . coco is no srv , or an albert , or a buddy . he 's definitely a large step below them . but he is also not a lounge singer type like smokin joe kubek , lil ed and the blue imperials , etc. coco , is a large step above them . this cd seems to pick up steam with each song . he shows his flexibility with different types of guitar playing on a number of songs . he performs a great ballad , with a johnny copeland , song ( #6 ) , that 's 5 minutes and 59 seconds long . ( i could have said 6 minutes , but shaq do n't fool around when it comes to da blues ! ) new , good blues is hard to find , and till " jumping joe " bonamassa dedicates more of his recordings to true electric blues , this is one of the best of the last year , along with walter trout 's " full circle " 
music pos 710.txt forza eros ! may you live to make much more great music ! whether you understand italian or not , i heartily recommend this cd . in ogni senso lives up to its billing - it delights each and every one of the human senses , in all & quot ; sense&quot ; of the expression . this is a must-have for any true music lover 
music pos 73.txt cool cd...have n't heard it in probably 15 to 20 years...it was fun to hear it again....funny though , it 's a bit different than the way i remember it 
music pos 398.txt good old silly , irreverent slade never really caught on in the us , but their melodic early-70s glam rock sounds as energetic and fun today as it did back then , and this is the best collection of their works , including all of the slade 's hit singles from the early ' 70s , from 1971 's & quot ; get down and get with it&quot ; to 1975 's & quot ; thanks for the memory ( wham bam thank you mam ) & quot ; . slade scored a whopping 11 top five hits between 1971 and 1974 ( five of which topped the charts ) , and they 're all here . so are their latter-day chart entries , like 1983 's #2 hit & quot ; my oh my&quot ; , but slade never got better than they did at their stomping glitter-rock peak , and & quot ; feel the noize&quot ; captures them in all their glory , filled with noddy holder and jim lea 's big , dumb , misspelled shout-along hits ( & quot ; look wot you dun&quot ; , & quot ; mama weer all crazee now&quot ; , & quot ; skweeze me , pleeze me&quot ; and & quot ; gudbuy t'jane&quot ; ) 
music pos 143.txt i 've been a jim brickman fan for a few years now . when i saw this cd came out , i could not resist getting it . it is absolutely amazing and fully worth it . when i first put it in my stereo , i had to sit there just to listen to the first few tracks without doing anything . that was how impressive they were . the title of the album is incredibly fitting . while my roommate is venting about the latest drama in her group of friends , i have this cd turned up in my own little corner to " escape " from it all . i swear i could not have found anything more fitting to be listening to while trying to get away from real life for a bit . if you love jim brickman , or just like soft jazz , or piano music , this cd is a must have 
music pos 836.txt i bought this for my kids because i knew they would love these songs just as i did . forget them ! i love it ! there is nothing like the chipmunks and never will be again . the christmas song is worth the price alone . do n't think about it . just get it 
music pos 6.txt review by mike watson : with the recent slew of victory records releases , not to mention the wide variety ; one can be to say the least skeptical of any of their assortment of new releases . however , picking through all of the less notable releases from the label , the up-and-coming band , the forecast , have stepped to the plate and scored a home run on late night conversations . the forecast are a perfect blend of male and female vocals over a very modern rock soundtrack , executed flawlessly over a ten song full length . late night conversations is an album confronting different topics ranging from relationships to the teen trend of mutilation and loathing . the harmonies arranged by both vocalists are undeniably catching and well written and the music follows closely in suit leaving your head bobbing back and forth to the beat and your feet tapping almost involuntarily . the forecast is not only a great recorded band , but bring the same toe tapping energy to the stage , with both great stage presence and cohesion as a band . the forecast will defiantly be one of the new big bands in poppier rock music , and checking their victory records debut out is a must for fans of the genre . 
music pos 299.txt hey ! ....it 's johnny cash ! you ca n't go wrong purchasing anything by johnny cash . 
music pos 102.txt linkin park are still together and they are making their next album , it is due out eairly next year . mike just did this for fun . look into things a little more buddy before you start saying things . oh yeah , and if you like good hip-hop , you 'll like this album . give it a shot . you dont have to be a linkin park fan to enjoy this record , since its nothing like lp . peace 
music pos 670.txt this arrived the other day , i pre ordered it . two of the greatest songwriters ever in my opinion . its about time this was available on cd and here it is . sounds great ! go get it for the collection 
music pos 514.txt another typical funk classic album from the brilliant tenor sax sounds of lou donaldson . the album released on blues notes features lou 's popular and individual classic jazz funk tones . lou even opts to ' chill ' out on a number called ' over the rainbow ' but on other numbers like ' donkey walk ' lou 's style and also his unique band really shine . the unmistakable hammond adds yet more funk and along with the jazzy guitar sound and funk and swinging drums this brings together another great album.keep on funkin mr lou donaldson ! ! ! ! 
music pos 342.txt so , incubus rocks no matter who you are or which of their albums is your favorite . plainly put , this album was not my favorite of theirs . it 's good . it 's really good . but if you 're expecting incubus good , you 'll be slightly disappointed 
music pos 855.txt david foster , who wrote a few tunes on yes 's " time and a word " is here on bass with tony kaye on the b3 and it 's the performance of their lives captured live at the rainbow . a brave but good way to record a debut album , album was produced by jon anderson and the cover drawn by roger dean , just like yes . it gives you feeling that tony left yes on good terms when rick wakeman stepped in 
music pos 971.txt this cd is the funniest cd i own . the first half of the cd is pure comedy and super funny . the second half is a little hard to understand , and it louds like is was recorded poorly , that is why i gave it four stars . track 2 is worth the money spent on the cd because that track is 8 mins of pure comedy . eddie makes fun of stevie wonder and boxer larry holmes , and he does it well 
music pos 735.txt i was in walmart 's electronic area ( which is where you can usually find me ! ) and i saw the album . i heard unbelieveable and i was sold on that song but could n't find the single . the album on first listen was not my favorite , but after a while i started liking it . it is a great album and i 'm glad i bought it . talent is a virtue ! 
music pos 790.txt what can be said about this album ? this is one of those albums that re-invigorates your faith / enthusiasm in music ( those who listen to a lot of albums know what i mean ) . some tracks from here were most famously covered by nirvana on their unplugged album , although pained i do n't think cobain quite got the feel that kirkwood gives to these songs . it has a perfect blend of songs that make you want to almost hoe-down and those that you can just reflect on and chill out . particular stand outs on this album are split myself in two , magic toy missing , aurora borealis and the whistling song . this album does take some growing as kirkwood 's voice is abrasive , but this is an album that will truly make you love music . do try it , you wo n't be disappointed . 
music pos 222.txt and you will to . this music conveys the happy feeling of latin music produced for the american ear from 1946 to 1949. i picked up the album from amazon after listening to selected cuts offered by the yahoo music radio service - - " el cumbanchero " and " cuban pete " . the cuts are almost all strong and all are well recorded , especially when you compare the sound quality to those on some other big band recordings that have been reissued . " babalu " which became desi arnez signature piece on the i love lucy tv show is probably one of the least appealing , and that may be why it was used comedically in the tv show through the years . the highlight cuts include - - " peanut vender " , " holiday in havana " , " you can in yucatan " and " brazil " . while brass , strings , drums and guitars tend to dominate much of today 's music , this album gives the spotlight to a variety of percussion instruments , flute , clarinet and bass clarinet . it is refreshing to hear them in solo . the liner notes by will friedwald are extensive and give you a glimpse into this period of desi 's life between his movie career and the defining work he and lucille ball did on television in the 50's . i could not recommend this album more and hope you enjoy it as much as i did 
music pos 262.txt when i first heard this album i was a bit shocked . myself and my fellow tmbg fans derided it as a " teen angst album , " moaned and whined that john & john had betrayed us by adding a band , and generally refused to give it a chance . a few years later , listening to my entire collection of tmbg in chonological order ( a sanity-restoration ritual ) , i realized that this album is awesome ! there are only 2 stupid songs , window and dirtbike . hey , for tmbg , that 's not bad - their fans forgive them stupidity on a regular basis . aside from that , there are more rockin ' , thought-provoking tunes here than you 'll find almost anywhere . this album establishes beyond a doubt that tmbg are among the most gifted songwriters in rock history . i 'm not going to go over each individual song - there are millions of tmbg fans who have and will . i will add my 2 cents about my 4 favorites however : " i should be allowed to think " - tmbg does justice to beat poetry , and beyond ! " why must i be sad ? " - funny and pissy , great for getting those pesky emotions unstuck . the lyrics are genius , subtly quoting the best of alice cooper with tongue firmly planted in cheek . " a self called nowhere " - righteous , angry , and breathtaking . angsty punk bands of the world , take note : you will never be this hardcore . " the end of the tour " - i have written in my last wishes that i want this one played at my funeral . one of the most moving and emotionally honest rock ballads ever written . if your idea of tmbg is songs like " istanbul " and " particle man , " get over it ! and give this album a chance ! 
music pos 808.txt much improved voice , same great guitar . slow album , especially on his two remakes . country sound on no reason to cry ( beautiful solo ) . this cd would have been a 6 stars had he mixed in a thunderstorm to the background of gonna rain today 
music pos 872.txt imagine yourself sitting in a bistro on the champs elysees , sipping a nice glass of bordeux as your glance pulls you toward an alluring .... you get the picture . now buy the cd and thank me later ! highly recommended from someone who thought they heard it all ! bravo senor douglas 
music pos 598.txt i 'm not sure what took me so long to get it , but i 'm just coming across this album . it never made a blip on my radar i guess . anyway , i saw it at a local record store in the used bin for $2.00 and it was hardly used - - even the jewel case was flawless ( it looked like it was only played once and then taken back to the store ) . obviously the owner before me did n't know what they had on their hands and the store manager did n't know either due to it 's low price tag . balance is a must have album without question . it came out in ' 03 , i 'm just getting it here in late ' 05 and it still sounds fresh . there are so many bangers on this album that listing them would make this a five paragraph review . of the 16 joints ( including the bonus track ) , i 'd have to say that 14 of them are amazing . akrobatik rhymes with an honesty and realism that is rarely heard in rap ( even amongst underground emcees ) . the songs compliment and play off of each other without them all sounding the same . i did mention that there were two songs that i could 've done without . those songs are " hand that rocks the cradle " and " always bet on ak " . they are n't bad , but i find myself skipping them everytime i play this cd . balance is a must have lp . i still feel a bit cheated since i just found out about this album . there has to be some sort of promotion for this guy . i did get the black dialogue ( perceptionists ) album and i knew about the lost adats and the ep , but somehow i completely missed this one . do n't be like me , if you have n't heard this yet , grab it as soon as you can . you wo n't regret it . this is one of the best albums on 2003. highly reccomended . standout tracks : time , woman ii , remind my soul , balance , hypocrite , limelight , front days , here & now , wreck dem feat . mr. lif , cooler heads , feedback feat . diamond d , and bone crushe 
music pos 435.txt a great recording . " the greatest bass solo ever recorded " ( as put by another reviewer ) is certainly a stretch , but the album is still magnificent . heavy sounds is a title that accurately describes the music . buy and enjoy . 
music pos 524.txt link this cd of great melodies with " the best of the browns ( 1954-1967 ) . you 'll not regreat the quality . such easy listening . this group is simply the best . i also suggest reading maxine brown 's book " looking back to see , a country music memoir . " it 's a well written ( and interesting ) cover of the the history of the browns 
music pos 506.txt i got this disc for one song , the uncut , full length version of " boogie wonderland " by earth , wind and fire ( with the emotions ) . the rest of the disc is good - but " boogie wonderlan " is in a class by itself ! ! five stars ! 
music pos 256.txt edited : it took me a while to enjoy listening to this whole album since i am used to listening to her recent work - afterglow & surfacing . this is truly an outstanding album and definitely overlooked . in my opinion , this ranks as the 3rd best sarah mclachlan album with #1 fumbling towards ecstasy , and #2 afterglow - - even though surfacing outsold these 2 albums . i ca n't say much about the album , because some of the reviews here say what i would say for this album as well . drawn to the rhythm : 5 / 5 into the fire : 5 / 5 the path of thorns ( terms ) : 5 / 5 - first song from solace i heard . truly unique than the rest since she sings at a lower range . i will not forget you : 5+ / 5 - love it , my #1 favorite of all her songs on this album . lost : 4.5 / 5 ( this is a first for sarah mclachlan to have male background singers singing - edited : actually this would be the third as her 1st album " touch " had male bg singers for the tracks trust and strange world ) back door man : 5 / 5 - i truly enjoy this song , this song sort of reminds me of stupid from afterglow . i love her intense voice and wish she could do more songs like this . shelter : 5 / 5 - really sad and it 's actually the second solace song i heard after ' path ' black : 5+ / 5 - this is my second favorite song . all in all , deep lyrics dedicated to corporate pigs as sarah says . one of her first experimental songs after " touch " . home : 5 / 5 - this is also another good song , probably the 3rd i love . i just love how the song ends . it actually sounds better live since the instruments overlap her singing . mercy : 5 / 5 - i consider this the last song from the album . wyllh does n't do it for me and i 'm disappointed sarah let arista have it their way . oh well . sarah should do more acapella-like songs ! this truly displayed her skills and got even better in the next album ; ) overall rating : 9.5 / 10 outstanding album i wish it had more praise 
music pos 922.txt well , this is n't at the gates . nightrage reminds me of many old arch enemy guitar tunes that were so melodic . of course , that leads into gus g . substituting chris on concerts being an excellent choice , as they make very similar melodies . some people say this album is heavy , which it is in some parts . but its melodic death , there are no signs of thrash or anything . just great melodies , great headbanging music . add this to your collection , i think its better than sweet vengeance 
music pos 4.txt like i said i would , i finally got around to purchasing this cd . i especially like tracks 9-12. cheap trick is solid as always . i have been a long time fan and enjoy all their releases . if i do have any criticism at all , it is the fact that some songs sound like recycled trick riffs . i guess it 's hard to create new stuff after 30+ years . anyway , there are some great tunes on this . buy it like i did ! 
music pos 966.txt i never loved a man the way i love you , what more can you say about the greates soul album of all time . this album released all of the music in aretha that was screaming to be released . it displayed a very mature aretha with complex emotions , very everyday lyrics , ones that make you say , oh yeah girl , lol . but also a delivery that the average person could n't lay down and dream about pulling off . this is just testiment that , even at such a young age , she was the queen 
music pos 690.txt i am a motown , oldies , r&amp ; b , soul , love songs , music lover.i like the songs that hit the heart and soul and hearing them brings back memories that come alive to the rhythem and bill withers definately fits right in there . i do n't realy have a favorite artist because i like sooooo many of them but if i had to pick my top 10 , this album would be in there 
music pos 701.txt this is such an good industrial album , that i was sitting and listening to it and all the adjectives that i wanted to use seemed not good enough . however , if i have to put one then it has to be these , brilliant , astounding , stupendous and awesome . this is probably one of the best industrial albums of all time . the first track is good and then it just gets better and better . in fact the first track is not as good as the other ones and could have been replaced with another track . the book-let is ok but the lyrics are missing , but still it is an important release since it showed that inudtrial bands are tallented muisicians and can sing . minphaser , life line , guna are some of the best made industrial tracks ever with the intricate layers of sounds , bets and samples . the keyboard sounds are constantly amazing and this is an album not to be missed if one likes industrial music 
music pos 774.txt in temporary secretary theres a great melody struggling to escape from the space invaders backing.memo to paul-turn this into a ballad for your next album bogey music , inspired by a book , is quite interesting . waterfalls is the standout song and comin'up was the hit . the rest you just get used to what more could you ask 
music pos 692.txt i just saw the movie and throughly enjoyed the performance by all the actors involved . kevin spacey has a velvety , smooth voice . i was surprised to learn his background is in musicals . he has a beautiful voice and in this movie , it rocks ! ! ! love the music ! i highly recommend you buying the cd and the dvd 
music pos 485.txt this is a really great cd . the candian and american idol winners are not usually that great , but melissa is an exception . she just belts out her soul whenever she 's at the microphone . my absolute favourite is definitely " alive " . it 's just a beautiful song . really , i recommend this cd who likes songs with great messages and a good beat . she 's a great pop / rock singer . you ca n't go wrong with this cd 
music pos 780.txt the willie dixon chess set is a window into the early blues that was the basis for some of the most well known rock and roll songs of all time . from led zeppelin to the kinks willie dixon and his music was a source of inspiration and musical reinvention . sometimes you have to stay true to your roots . its an incredible journey into the heart of original blues 
music pos 253.txt this was one of my first albums i got . i got it because of ' paradise city ' but got adapted quickly to ' welcome to the jungle ' and rest . there were only few more metal / rock albums that made such impact on my taste during teens : maiden 's ' powerslave ' , megadeth ' rust in peace ' and suicidal tendencies ' lights...camera...revolution ' 
music pos 748.txt i bought this cd since my sister had stolen my original copy , lol . need i say more 
music pos 759.txt paul hardcastle is a member of a select group of smooth jazz artists that makes the format " work " . i was in radio and that format and also a music director for a former buffalo , ny fm smooth jazz radio station . ( wsjz 92.9 
music pos 924.txt this is a really great follow up to allison moorer 's debut album alabama song . the hardest part , her sophomore cd , was released two years after her debut in september 2000. it builds on the sound presented on her first , and the songs are nothing short of great . my favorite track , though not her own , is her emotional reading of the rolling stones ' & quot ; bring me all your lovin&quot ; . she makes this song into her own . & quot ; no next time&quot ; is another favorite , the lyrics are excellent , a great breakup song . the title track is a nice midtempo country number . & quot ; send down an angel&quot ; is very sad but touching at the same time . other highlights include & quot ; it 's time that i tried&quot ; , & quot ; day you said goodbye&quot ; , & quot ; is it worth it&quot ; and & quot ; feeling that feeling again&quot ; . overall , to me this is her best album . you ca n't go wrong with any of them but this is an artistic acheivement , and one of her best albums yet 
music pos 896.txt i love it so . i bought it after seeing the video for " make you feel that way " and i have n't been disappointed . love the vibe of the cd...it just flows and the mix is well done , as you go from a " head-nodder " to a smooth groove so seamlessly . i just put it in and let it play ! my absolute favorite jam is " nowhere fast , " which comments on what we were , what we are and what we hope to be " tomorrow . " i love this cd so much , i went and bought their other two full play cd's . i make my girls sick with how much i play this cd . i guess i 'll eventually take it out the rotation , maybe " tomorrow ! " a must for anyone who loves great hip hop 
music pos 34.txt i picked this up in a bootleg store in korea a few years back , since it was cheap , and i had loved the movie ( perhaps more so than any other of mallicks 's others , even - speaking of which , if you get a chance to see badlands on the big screen , do yourself a huge favour and do so ) . as i recall , i did n't really enjoy it on first listen . but then , somehow , i got sucked in . almost as much as the film itself , this is a hypnotic , haunting slice of poetry . nothing happens for about a minute , and then it builds and builds . unforgettable , otherwordly and quite beguiling . the structure of the soundtrack ( especially the songs toward the end featuring polynesian gospel-style singing ) is strongly reminiscent of the mike oldfield cd , ' songs of distant earth' . highly recommended , but do give it a couple of listens , because it might take a while to make its charms felt 
music pos 681.txt this talented woman can sing anything . i really enjoyed this cd with the lights turned down and a glass of wine to relax after a very stressful day at work . renee could definitely have another singing career outside of opera should she choose . hearing her drop that gorgeous voice down one octave rivals the best chanteuses in the business - cassandra wilson , nancy wilson , regina belle , sarah vaughan , etc. this cd of different musical styles reminds me of nina simone and cassandra wilson , two great singers whom could interpret any song genre and make their versions special . i loved all the songs and the standouts here are " haunted heart " , " river " , " my one and only love " , " my cherie amour " , " cancao do amor " , and beatles " in my life " , and " hard times come again no more " . i hope renee keeps recording whatever catches her fancy because i 'll certainly always listen 
music pos 420.txt coltranes recordings with his classic quartet of ' 61-5 varied between very good and stunning . coltrane fans may want to get the impulse ! box set instead though ( which includes this cd and the other works of the quartet 
music pos 178.txt i purchased this cd during the lowest time of my life emotionally . every track brought solace and comfort beyond belief , especially the title track , deep peace . i would listen to it over and over , bathing in the lush healing sounds . each element , from the perfectly balanced vocals to the simple piano and violin motifs , is seemingly structured at a spiritual level . this is more than ambient music , it 's true music therapy . 
music pos 727.txt hell rell did his job , i was n't expecting anything as good as this . hell rell outdid himself . 
music pos 758.txt if you want a feel good , come home from work and forget your day cd you found it her 
music pos 765.txt but not the only one you should get . make this a purchase , but get live / dead also because it has all different songs , and then look at other live releases . the dead have a lot of good recordings , just pick and choose among them . this one has become a staple of great dead songs in my collection . it is amazing how many good songs they have , and how intimidating it seems to get their best stuff , but you ca n't go wrong with this release even though some people feel it is n't up to scratch 
music pos 1.txt this is a wonderful album , that evokes memories of the 60 's folk boom , yet contains original songs . i was amazed at the fantastic harmonies and musical arrangements . anyone who loves the movie " a mighty wind " and who loves folk music will fall in love with this album . i know i did 
music pos 925.txt i have been a fan since valotte . and i like the other reviewers here , ca n't believe why this cd did n't receive the airplay it deserves ! there must have been some politics in there , with sean 's cd coming out on the same day ( yoko ? ) it is one of those cds that you just leave on and you do n't feel like you have to go and skip over songs that you do n't like ! i love every song ! ! especially " day after day " , " i should have known " , " i do n't want to know " and my fav right now " cold " .. i hope that what i have heard is true that he is working on his latest now . ca n't wait ! buy this cd. . you wo n't regret it 
music pos 977.txt the living in oblivion series of cd compilations does something that many similar compilations do not do : they give us some great variety of " hits " . there is no doubt that " mickey " by toni basil was a huge hit . there 's also no doubt that " our lips are sealed " was a break out hit for the go go 's , but the funboy three version wasn't . but what about " living in a box " ? it only hit the billboard top 100 at #89 in 1987. so why is it here ? why are a large number of these songs ? they 're not top 10 hits , right ? wrong ! i 'm sick to death of so many compilations relying on top 40 hits from the 80's . the u.s. music tastes are typically very different from those of europe . just because a song does n't make the u.s. billboard top 40 does n't mean that it is n't a hit in other countries . and although i 'm an american , my music tastes have always run more in line with those of europe . i 'm delighted that the living in oblivion series ( and the pop and wave series ) have incorporated a variety of hits from the u.s. and europe . i also like that some of the more obscure groups and their songs are available on these compilations . there are several songs on these albums that never were released on cd ( as they had n't come into being at the time of the groups ' albums initial releases ) , so albums such as these are the only place where you can find these hits . the boys do n't cry song " i wanna be a cowboy " hit the billboard charts at #12 in 1986 , but the group disappeared soon thereafter . then all of a sudden a dance version of that same song came out in the early 2000 's and rocketed up the dance charts . do n't be misled , the living in oblivion series is one of the absolutely best series for a variety of music from the 80's . if you want to hear run of the mill , top 40 only hits from the 80 's , well , then you 'll just have to look elsewhere . also , the liner notes and pictures of the groups included in the jewel box are really clever . you get to find out what the chart position was for the songs in the compilation and see what the groups looked like at the time of the song 's release . my only issue with these liner notes is that the author of them seems to be disparaging the very music which these albums are espousing . apparently many believe that the music from the 80 's was vacuous and devoid of emotion . one need only listen to the song " the promise " by the group " when in rome " ( living in oblivion volume 5 ) to know that such a statement is false . while that group only had this one hit and then faded into obscurity , " the promise " made the billboard top 100 at #11 and the billboard dance chart at #1. anyway.. . i ca n't recommend this album and its entire series any more ! it 's simply awesome ! before believing those who would disparage this series of albums , please check the billboard charts and you 'll see that these songs were in fact hits . get it 
music pos 703.txt my 8-month-old son and i listen to this cd every night , and by the pachelbel canon ( track 7 ) he 's usually sound asleep . it is not all synthesizer . the jacket clearly states that the " music box orchestra " includes flute , piano , cello , percussion , english horn , and oboe . as a musician , i am not offended by the " easy-listening " versions of these classics . in fact , i enjoy them . they introduce my son to the timeless melodies without overstimulating him at bedtime . i find them relaxing too 
music pos 184.txt this is an amazing , beautiful album . probably a little more difficult to get into than streethawk , but after about the 4th or 5th listen , i found it more rewarding . the music is very dense , and the lyrics are beautifully poetic ( it helps that dan bejar has chosen to include a lyric sheet in the cover this time ) . a great album for any fan of intelligent independent music 
music pos 677.txt i purchased my first weill recordings in 1960 , the off-broadway threepenny opera , and lenya 's berlin theater songs . i have treasured them all my life . lenya was , of course , incomparable , but ute lemper carries on her special genius . this new recording is as near a perfect realization of this unique masterpiece . john mauceri gives the unique orchestration nuance that even klemperer missed in his masterful kleine dreigroschenmusik . every member of the cast , even the bit roles , is perfect in the characterization . kollo is the first performer since harald paulsen ( the origninal mackie messer ) to bring all of the tradition of viennese operetta to this music . he is a miracle . macheath has subtle characteriztion hitherto unknown except from paulsen . most noteworthy is the jenny of milva . two delightful bonuses in the recording : a reprise in act 2 of seerauber jenny by milva ( the jenny ) and the inclusion of lucy brown 's aria after the jealousy duet . there is brief dialog before most pieces which adds a dramatic integrity to the recording . i cannot find high enough praise for this new treasure 
music pos 434.txt i 'm not sure what to call this cd other than genius . this was the first cd i 've heard from sonata arctica and it 's still my favorite . i 'm not really really big on power metal / epic metal , but i defintely enjoy sa and kamelot . with that said , i think this cd can even entertain those not interested in power metal . my friend enjors radio rock and rap , but after hearing me play this cd where we work , he begged me to make him a copy . towards the actual cd , i 'm not quite sure i can put what 's in it into words . songs like silver tongue and broken have a very distinct , unique sound . the ballads , draw me and the misery are both superb efforts , each making the listener feel tony kakko 's pain . my favorite song would have to be a dead heat between the misery and gravenimage . the keyboardist in this band works in overdrive in each song . he plays fast , and keeps the melody in each beautiful and interesting ( and lighthearted at times ) . the guitarist plays very fast when he needs to , and the right power chords other times . he 's quite good . overall , the sound they eminate is as uplifting as it is rocking . they do a great job . the lyrics seem much better than older releases ( english lessons ? ) but still can be a bit odd . " ...with long haired drummer in band " springs to mind . still at least they write about mundane things.. . i love kamelot , but the knight in shining armor routine will get old eventually . anyway , the vocals are very well done , he obviously quite talented and the band harmonizes quite well , too . ( they 'd make queen jealous ! ) overall , i ca n't praise this cd enough . every song is an adventure , none of them a tedious or unnecessary one at that . i would say that anyone could enjoy this cd , but i 'd first recommend it to those who are tired of the american screamfest metal that 's going on today . then i 'd recommend it to power metal fans , and so on . simply put , this is one of the best cds i own . give it a chance 
music pos 640.txt we bought this - on cassette - in washington dc on our first day of honeymoon in september 1997. having flown from northern ireland , it provided us with the perfect honeymoon soundtrack as we drove from washington to nashville , along the skyline drive , down through south west virginia , across eastern kentucky to berea , and down to smoky mountains national park in tennessee . we are from an ulster-scots / scotch-irish background , and during those three weeks we fell in love with the land that our forebears had settled in so many centuries before , bringing thier fiddles and folk songs with them , creating what was the core of mountain old-time music and bluegrass . from the carter family right through , every song is a classic . you must buy this 
music pos 199.txt rare are the electronic albums that are so consistantly inspired . melodies are beautifully simple and soothing , sounds are particularly well crafted . a great album . the drum box could be a bit more discreet though 
music pos 536.txt gerry beckley is " timeless " . his new cd is awesome and seems to go back to his roots . his songs over the years last lifetimes and bring back amazing memories.this new cd just proves he hasnt lost his touch . anyone who does not agree , doesnt know the real gerry . i have had the privilege to meet him and talk with him many times , including being able to celebrate new years eve with them after a concert with the rest of america and their families.he is one of the nicest people i have ever met , and his songs have always been a part of my life . i hope there are still many more cd 's still to come and look forward to seeing him again in the near future in concert and afterwards 
music pos 144.txt " i have been a brickman fan since the very first album . much of his early songs were uplifting piano solos without much " electronic enhancement . " escape is a wonderful album full of songs you might find on his early albums . there are three excellent vocals on the cd that will please fans who favor his more recent work which tends to feature the vocalist over the piano . if you are a brickman fan , this is a must have album . 
music pos 841.txt what has happened to the song " lives in the balance " on this set ? if you go to his website it sounds really great ! ! ! on this set it sounds awfull ! ! it sounds as if he was in a really big hurry to get the song over with . the packaging if you could call it that is really lame . foam dots for holders ? what do you do when those fall off ? i suppose you put the cd 's in jewel cases or else they will get really scratched up . not to mention it is missing some of his greatest work ! true you do get alot of songs for the money but , there should have been more time planning this set out before actually producing it . if you own an i-pod i suggest you go to apples i-tunes web page and import the great songs this set is missing as well as the others you really like off of this set and you will probably have spent the same amount of money if not less 
music pos 927.txt no use thumbing the pages of cale 's elegant scrapbook of an autobiography , ' what 's welsh for zen ? , to glean hard data on this one melodic gem . coming after the heady , if problematic days of the velvets , there 's barely an acknowledgement of it as he strides into his rock format . the abrasive thrashing rock of ' mcbeth ' ( while indicating his imminent direction ) serves the one discordant note . throughout , cale namedrops to effect learnedness without destroying the mood of a distant past . language had been severed from lineal meaning , in rock , since bob went electric . pete brown writing for jack bruce 's towering masterpieces , ' songs for a sailor ' , & ' harmony row ' ; keith reid with procul harum , were mixing up the lyric medicine , presumably with other pharmacuticals & making sumptuous music on a par with ' paris 1919' . that date ? the birth of surrealism , ( and similar writing to cale 's efforts herein ) perhaps ? the russian revolution ? cale 's singing on 1919 had a world weary distance to it , which suited the reflective jabberwocky of the songs ; stretched out vowells on , ' planing lakes ' , ' elephants that sing ' , ' looking out from here at half past france . ' it was far from banal music , however saccharine the orchestral moves from strings , viola & piano cale painted . these lyrics were baffling but made perfect poetic sense when sung . ' locusts ' was something of a revisiting to this pastoral mood but lacks the roundedness . ' fragments of a rainy season ' is a good retrospective concert . and some of the fuge written around the hommage to andy warhol is very moving stuff . go john 
music pos 396.txt i am not jewish , but you do n't have to be to enjoy these songs . this album happens to be one of my favourites of the putumayo releases . a couple of the songs were instantly familiar to me even though i thought i knew none of the songs when i bought this album . each and every song on here is wonderful...some are traditional folk songs while others are newer compositions . the 23 page booklet includes a 3 page history of jewish music , and each artist has a page about them , including a photograph . i highly recommend this album to just about everyone . my husband is arabic and he too loves these songs . music truly is borderless 
music pos 986.txt this era of tangerine dream ( td ) was just great . the virgin years were truly a great period for td . for me it deals with space and landscape . it 's so close to repetitive music that would come much later . it 's also the one group that used rythm to structure these flying melodies . you could fly with them and end up with more in the end . you ca n't say that for too many of these electronic groups . after that period they would go on with this ambient music that was n't up to the same standards . it seems they are back ( with other musicians of course ) with the same kind of concept . great ! they were an important link on the electronic scene . a great album ! a great period 
music pos 115.txt hounds is an outstanding piece of work . two outstanding pieces of work if you look at it properly . the first consisting of five individual songs , though all with a very similar feel and texture . the second is a conceptual set of songs called the ninth wave , which has had many meanings read into it . all five tracks from the first piece are excellent . the opening track , running up that hill , is possibly kate 's greatest single of all time ( up there with wuthering heights and babooshka ) , it is a powerful song with simple but highly emotional lyrics . it has been reworked by aussie outfit infusion in recent years and become a big dance floor anthem for the likes of john digweed and dj tiesto . it had lost none of it 's appeal or sense of urgency over time . the title track is a beautiful , upbeat song . again it has made a resurgence in the last year , thanks to mod-rock uk band the futureheads . the big sky is my favourite ( you want my reply ? what was the question ? i was looking at the big sky ! ) . the extended mix is great and available on the 1997 emi remastered release of hounds . mother stands for comfort is a little out of place , dark and eerie it would have felt right at home on the dreaming . kates vocals are , in my opinion , sublime on this track . the fantastic song , cloudbusting , nearly deserves a review on it 's own . a masterpiece in modern pop , it tells one of the best stories i 've ever heard in a pop song , and combines it with one of the best video clips i 've ever seen . the ninth wave is beyond review . you need to buy this lp and listen to it over and over again . it will mean different things to different people , and i think that is what makes it so amazing . commonly interpretted as the story of a woman drowning , i have weaved several meanings through the story at various times of my life , but each ends happily - the whimsical the morning fog makes sure of it.. . else , just put it on and lose yourself in the soundscape , read nothing into it and take the ninth wave for a musical ride . that 's my favourite way to listen to it . finally , if you ever need to test the ability of a piece of sound equipment , say the $2000 amplifier you 're about to splurge on , take the remastered lp as your test . the percussion should be clear , the vocals crisp and the stereo separation precise . an outstanding lp in every way ! 
music pos 230.txt gene watson 's music was introduced to me by a friend who played drums for sonny james , ernest tubb , and dottie west . i had never heard of him but then when i heard his voice on the cd i knew the songs . it 's amazing to me how a person with such a great voice has never received the attention that he should . every song is great but the one which i really like is & quot ; the old man and his horn&quot ; . this was a song i had never heard . it also shows the versatility of gene 's song selections . he has the best voice of any country singer i have ever heard 
music pos 156.txt this was the break through record for pink floyd that would place them in the super-league . the strength of the record lies in the song writing that is simple yet engaging and dave gilmore 's guitar playing and voice is superb . production wise this is well polished and the presence of the sax and backing vocalists just give it that little extra commercial potential . overall the record works well as a whole yet i do feel ' money ' seems out of place . the problem with records like this that it is too easy to enjoy and all the sharp ends are neatly filed off and well packaged for your consumption . now do n't get me wrong i think this is a magnificent record but is it really pink floyd 's greatest album , i tend to think not . is it the greatest record of all time ? most certainly not . because a records sells 35 million copies does not make it automatically great . because everybody and their grandmother thinks it 's great , does not necessarily make it great . the problem with this record is that it sounds of its time , not that that 's a bad thing , its just that it does not transcend time . the real indication of a great record is how many people it inspires to make records that sound like it . i ca n't think of many records that sound like this without sounding retrogressive . some records released at the same time : can 's " future days " ( 1973 ) ; nue ! ' s " 2 " ( 1973 ) ; king crimson 's " larks ' tongues in aspic " ( 1973 ) ; robert wyatt 's " rock bottom " ( 1974 ) ; tangerine dream 's " phaedra " ( 1974 ) are by far more influential and enduring than dark side . if you do n't own dark side then buy it because it is a very good record and deserves its five stars , but make sure you buy ' piper at the gates of dawn ' also . ' piper ' is floyds greatest , most influential and definitely one of the greatest of all time . besides , how many people who think ' dark side ' is floyd 's best have actually heard ' piper' . 
music pos 791.txt this is a wondrful cd and quite a bargin . two discs and the very best of nancy wilson . i liked so much , i bought two and gave one to a friend 
music pos 697.txt ...heart-wrenching break-up with his girlfriend of 8 years , elastica 's justine frishmann . 13 is a dark record , produced by william orbit . nearly every song is injected with despair , sorrow , bitterness , and an achy , heart-breaking sadness . these moods are encompassed on such tracks as tender , 1992 , battle , and the tear-jerking no distance left to run . also included are the trip-hop masterpiece trimm trabb , the humourous trailerpark and b.l.u.r.e.m.i. , and coxon and albarn 's co-written pop-masterpiece , coffee and tv 
music pos 176.txt a quality album from richard . long time fans will not be disappointed . it will win over quite a few new fans as well with it great guitars and snappy lyrics 
music pos 772.txt aretha 's voice , her style , delivery and interpretation of her music is incomparable . these songs are more than just classics ; they 're a songbook to millions of people 's lives who grew up listening to her in the 60 's and 70 's as i did . they evolk memories of times that changed our world , and showed just how powerful and influential music could be for generations to come . there is not much that came before , and very little that came after these golden years for aretha , that can compare to this treasury of her music . sadly the aretha frankiln of 2007 pales in comparison to the aretha franklin of this time , who was truly and rightfully the queen of soul . 
music pos 729.txt as with all of zucchero 's cd 's , this is also wonderful . i listen to it all the time , it 's sensual and sexy and great 
music pos 715.txt sombre romantic is a step up if you will in the gothic metal genre . it is a very solid album from start to finish but has alot of layers that keep things interesting . its not what you would really consider to be a " religious " album but there are many undertones that help get the message across . this point being made very clear in " museum of iscariot " which talks of jesus from judas ' point of view . rowan 's vocal stylings change to meet the moods of every song on this album , from low opera type to screaming , in a superb way that stays consistent and never gets old . if you are into relaxed darkwave / goth music this is a perfect album to purchase 
music pos 182.txt this book helps toddlers put into context how they fit into the animal kingdom , and the natural things all animals do . it teaches them to be comfortable with - without shame - the move from being a diaper-clad baby to a big kid . the drawings are charming ! i bought this book for a friends who runs a day care center and got a very positive reaction 
music pos 57.txt i bought this cd on a whim after i heard joaquin phoenix was directing their " tired of being sorry " video . whoa ! i was addicted ! i could n't stop listening to it...i had to get a 2nd copy for the car just so i could stop carrying it back and forth . great driving music ! the songs are catchy and have a great beat...i have n't heard anything this good in a long while . i had to have more immediately and luckily found some earlier stuff of scott thomas' ....more on the acoustic / indie side , but awesome ! i highly recommend lovers & thieves ( cdbaby.com ) my faves from ringside are " struggle " , " trixie " , and " dreamboat 730 " . you will not be disappointed 
music pos 793.txt very interesting cd . some of the vocals are distracting , but the music is driving modern psychadelia . as i said , think syd barrett 's floyd mixed w / melt bannana . i highly recommend 
music pos 688.txt watching the melvins evolve was extremely interesting and entertaining . they began as an unassuming punk band , and proceded to incorporate the heaviness of 70 's rock into their sound . then they stripped away any and all of the " punk " trappings and went for pure heavy . it all culminated with this record . it just does n't get any heavier than ' roman bird dog / hung bunny' . ' with teeth ' , rumored to actually be written by joe preston , is one of my all time favorite melvins songs . speaking of joe preston , he was the by far best of the melvins ' 7000+ bassists they had over the years . shame they got rid of him shortly after this album . as soon as they fired him , they went straight down the greased pole to mediocrity hell . bad karma . thank god that rock bands record their music so that it is n't lost forever every time they make stupid decisions . the only song on this record which i do n't like is the cover of alice cooper 's ' the ballad of dwight fry' . thankfully they made up for it with a cover of flipper 's ' sacrifice' . some of the melvins ' subsequent records have their moments ( stoner witch 's ' shevil ' , stag 's ' cotton mouth ' ) , but for the most part it seems to me that the melvins gave up the ghost after recording this . maybe someday they 'll make a comeback 
music pos 5.txt ok good cd . im not suprised . ok jaheim may not have the b best voice but his music is good and it goes will with the voice that he has . yes yall this album does use profanity but the songs actually have meanings . i like that daddy thing song , and like a dj . this album looks at issues from a mans point of view . ya know we 've heard the angry woman and how the man did t his and that now jaheim looks at it from a males view . ok yall i know he is not the first one to do this but he did it well . also this is a break from that [...] that is played on the radio . 
music pos 397.txt i recently discovered joyce cooling . yeah , i 've been in the dark ages . she is one of the smoothest guitarists out there and she does not try to sound like everyone else . i especially appreciate her percussive use of intonations . she 's got chops galore and is a beautiful woman to boot . you can hear it all in her music . buy revolving door ! you 'll love it 
music pos 367.txt while not dissimilar to other excellent acts such as coldplay , keane , and pete yorn , travis have distinguished themselves as a band with their own unique style and sound . this , their 2nd album , is the best of their music : melodic throughout , with catchy tunes , solid lyrics , and tremendous guitar work that captures the listener from the first chords of ' sing ' to the fade-out from ' the humpty dumpty love song' . if you buy an album once you know three or four or more of its songs are excellent , then i confidently recommend the invisible band to you . rating each song individually for one 's ipod : 1. sing , side , the cage , afterglow and the humpty dumpty love song are each worthy of four to five stars 2. pipe dreams , flowers in the window , safe , follow the light , and indefinitely are three to four star songs 3. the balance are two to three stars each . the only poor effort is probably " last train " , which is too plodding relative to its counterparts the invisible band is basically a healthy mix of folksy , hopeful songs mixed with just the right amount of melancholy . nowhere is this better reflected than in ' the humpty dumpty love song ' , which defines this mix perfectly . while this is the best of the album , the rest is well worth listening to repeatedly . highly recommended 
music pos 297.txt kudos to harvey fierstein for being so true to the jean poiret play . jerry herman did a wonderful score - my favorite song was " the best of times " . gene barry turns out to be a good singer , esp paired with the talented george hearn 
music pos 915.txt disappear fear 's music is both calming and uplifting at the same time . i especially enjoyed " laws of nature " because of it lyrics . ( it has a gay-rights lyrics ) does anyone know which one of the singers is gay ? i would be quite greatful for the answer . if anyone knows , would you mind posting it under the reviews here ? thanx that would be great ! 
music pos 534.txt this was one of the first hiphop albums i ever purchased and i still listen to it today i think that krs 's style was best suited to primos production . once he lost primo ( with the exception of a few albums ) he couldnt hold it anymore musicly . krs didnt care about the latest trends in music or about bein a thug or topping the pop charts he just showed his incredible talents on the mic and stomped all the wack mcs that deserved it . this was also the album that introduced the world to krs as a solo artist and he proved that he had plenty of ammunition left from his bdp days as well as few musical / lyrical tricks up his sleeve this album along with any other bdp release should be considerd mandatory listening for all you youngsters out there who are just getting into hiphop this was the era that i belive hiphop was the best about 93-98 its a shame that kris is doing the crap hes doing now i wish he would find a better producer or just stop doing albums and continue his carrer as a live battle rapper . 
music pos 675.txt what makes a voice distinctive and memorable ? nat ( king ) cole i believe had the smoothest voice of any male singer . clarity and a sureness in phrasing was also gifts of his . aside from ' unforgettable ' the songs i best remember are ' mona lisa ' and ' nature boy' . but this recording also includes originals of the ' nat king cole trio' . it also includes the famous duet put together of ' unforgettable ' from his early version and his daughter natalie cole 's recording made after he had passed on . that particular recording was a ' knockout ' sentimental and beautiful . 
music pos 67.txt i used to listen to a friend 's copy of the original " metal box " of ep 's , when it first came out . years later the " second edition " came out on lp 's for those of us who had n't sprung for the metal box before it sold out . eventually the second edition came out on this cd . so i finally could own a digital copy myself . pristine , audio quality at least as good as the original metal box in my opinion , if i remember correctly . you do need to listen to this . you do need to buy a copy and get other people to listen to this too 
music pos 673.txt i do n't like this album as much as their earlier stuff . i have liked each release less than the previous , and this one falls right in line with that trend . the opener & quot ; quality revenge . . . &quot ; is one of their best songs hands down , though . this is a very good cd , but the farther from braid we get in time the less i seem to like their music 
music pos 490.txt the first time ever i saw this group " amici forever " as they were singing " unchained melody " , i have confused that song like classical music . because , it was very familiar . actually , i did n't know exactly what 's that song that moment . finally , i knew that song is popular music i used to sing . so , laughed myself . it was brilliant and great performance i ever heared before . i bought dvd , too . and i recommended my friend and he also felt their singing like me . he said great and thanks to me 
music pos 851.txt juice newton is one of the best counry-pop singers of all times . a great energetic voice and some real unforgettable songs . my personal favourites include the beautiful angel of the morning , the rollicking queen of hearts and the strong and sorrowful it 's a heartache after all these years , her work is unforgettable , catchy and full of energy and vibe 
music pos 261.txt la bamba ( 1987. ) the soundtrack to the ritchie valens biopic of the same name . introduction : in 1987 , the film la bamba , based on the life and times of fifties pop-rock star ritchie valens , was released . the film cast lou diamond phillips as the classic musician , and told his story , from his rise to fame , right down to his young and tragic death . for the film , los lobos , a fairly popular act of the day , was asked to rerecord classic valens material for the movie . some other moderately popular musicians who portrayed other musicians of the same era depicted in the film also provided recordings for the film . so , how is the soundtrack ? read on , and find out ! overview : the la bamba soundtrack was released in 1987 , around the same time as the film of the same name . contributors to the soundtrack include los lobos , howard huntsberry , marshall crenshaw , brian setzer , and bo diddley . the a-side of the soundtrack sonsists of the los lobos covers of the ritchie valens songs la bamba , come on lets go , ooh my head , we belong together , framed , and donna . the b-side consists of the other artists ' covers , which include howard huntsberry 's cover of jackie wilson 's lonely teardrops , marshall crenshaw 's cover of buddy holly 's crying waiting hoping , brian setzer 's cover of eddie cochran 's summertime blues , bo diddley 's remake of his own classic tune who do you love , and the two songs los lobos recorded for the film which were not remakes , charlena and goodnight my love . review : awesome movie , awesome soundtrack . i 'm a huge fan of the music of ritchie valens , and for the most part , la bamba proved to be an efficient and entertaining retelling of the valens saga . aside from some omitted material ( which i 'll get to later ) , the soundtrack is every bit as good as the film it represents . read on for my reviews of the tracks . -side a - -la bamba by los lobos : los lobos covers the track that took ritchie valens to the top of the musical world . being a folk song , no one ever thought a rock and roll version would do well - valens proved the non-believers wrong ! los lobos does a great cover of it , too . the band actually did two versions of the song for the movie - a rendition of the slower , folksier version by the bar band that convinced valens to cover the song himself , as well as the classic version valens did . this is the classic valens version . i wish they had included both versions of the soundtrack , though ( although an instrumental sequence near the end of this version does reprise elements of the folk-type version . still , i wanted both versions as complete , separate tracks ! ) -come on lets go by los lobos : this classic rockabilly-style cut was another huge hit for ritchie valens . los lobos creates a fine rendition of the classic cut , staying true to the valens original while at the same time adding their own spin onto things . all in all , another great song . -ooh my head by los lobos : not much to say about this one . once again , los lobos manages to create an excellent version of one of the many classic valens tunes people know and love him for . every song on this soundtrack is excellent , and this one is no exception . -we belong together by los lobos : ah , the classic valens love song . although its success was pretty much ousted by the better known ballad donna , this one was still a fairly notable hit for valens . the los lobos take on the ballad is a damn good one - but i should n't have to tell you that , now should i ? -framed by los lobos : of all of the ritchie valens song that los lobos revisited in la bamba , this one is the least well known . that 's a shame , because it 's a great song ! the song takes a classic blues styling , and puts a rockabilly spin on it . once again , los lobos does a marvelous cover version of the song . -donna by los lobos : this song was so big a hit for ritchie valens initially , that his only song even on the same plane of popularity is la bamba . the classic ode valens wrote to his high school girlfriend proved to be the stuff that has withstood the test of time . and i know you 're probably getting tired of me saying this for every song , but los lobos really does a good job on here . -side b - -lonely teardrops by howard huntsberry : in la bamba , howard huntsberry portrayed the classic soul singer jackie wilson . and here , huntsberry reprises wilson 's signature tune . this is classic soul at its very best . prior to seeing la bamba , i had never even heard of huntsberry . but the real shocker is that i ended up liking this version of the song more than the original ! definitely a solid , underrated cut . -crying waiting hoping by marshall crenshaw : marshall crenshaw , a fairly popular eighties pop signer , managed to land the role of buddy holly in la bamba . holly , of course , was killed in the same plane crash that claimed the life of ritchie valens . buddy holly is a tough guy to cover , but marshall crenshaw does a damn good job of it . i personally prefer this version over holly 's original ( and that 's saying a lot since i love buddy holly ! ) if you 're interested in hearing crenshaw cover another holly tune , check out the remastered version of his 1982 self-titled debut - he covers rave on on there as a bonus track . -summertime blues by brian setzer : long before brian setzer gained any real fame , he played eddie cochran in la bamba , covering the song that made that man a rockabilly legend . here 's another one of those covers that is so good , i like it more than the original . definitely worthwhile listening - but then again , is n't every song on here ? -who do you love by bo diddley : bo diddley himself did this song originally so very long ago , and was asked to rerecord it for la bamba . he did , and the end results are solid . diddley is a legend of the blues , and this recording is just a small sample of why so many people feel that way . it just a shame that the version of this song most people remember is the george thorogood one , because diddley 's version is the song the way it was meant to be heard . -charlena by los lobos : in addition to the ritchie valens covers , los lobos recorded two new songs for the la bamba soundtrack . this is the first of the two . essentially , this here is a neo-rockabilly track of sorts , and a damn good one too . long after the fifties music scene died out , los lobos still managed to record a song that suited the style perfectly . -goodnight my love by los lobos : here 's the second of the newly-recorded los lobos songs done for the soundtrack . what we have here is one of those classic fifties-style rock ballads that were so popular back then . if you 're into that sort of thing , you 're going to love this song - i know i do ! -other comments - omissions are the biggest problem with this soundtrack , by far . as i previously stated , only one version of la bamba is on here - not both versions from the film . another omission is sleepwalk , the classic santo and johnny instrumental that shows up frequently in the film . its omission is likely due to the fact that it was n't recorded just for the film , but still , i miss it . and then there 's the issue of rip it up , the classic ritchie valens rockabilly tune he first plays with his band in their garage , early on in the film . this was one of my favorite songs in the film , and i was devastated not to see it on here . and where 's the big bopper 's chantilly lace ? i rated this soundtrack four stars instead of five because of omissions . if these songs had been on here , it would be five stars all the way . overall : overall , despite my issues with the omitted songs , i am very satisfied with the la bamba soundtrack . much like the movie , it 's an excellent experience all the way through . if you liked the movie , or you 're just into this sort of music , the soundtrack is well worth owning . highly recommended ! edition notes : this soundtrack is becoming increasingly more difficult to find on compact disc , implying it may be very gradually going out of print . take my advice - if you want it , just buy it online . it 's the fastest , easiest way to get it . 
music pos 373.txt this is a fantastic holiday christmas album . doris day 's beautiful voice singing these terrific christmas songs make for a beautiful sound that will bring all who listen years of enjoyment . a must have for those who enjoy hearing terrific christmas music over the holidays 
music pos 374.txt this album iz off da freakin chain ! ! ! ! ! great music and grace slick iz the best ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this is a must have ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
music pos 824.txt this album is just non-stop funky . i originally got it just because i loved living in america when i first heard it - but i was pleasantly surprised to find the rest of the cd just as good . check out turn me loose i 'm dr. feelgood , let 's get personal , and gravity - they 're among the best on the cd 
music pos 138.txt ok , i just could not resist coming on here to review this . i 've had this cd for about 4 years now and i still listen to quite a bit , proof right there that this cd is definetly a classic ( in my book at least ) every single song on here is original , the guitar riffs are simply amazing , and the lyrics i can not even describe in words how much they hit home and how breathtaking they are . if your a goo goo doll fan , and you still do not have this cd , i deeply encourge you to go buy it now ! this is the is the goos like you 've never heard them before . the cd is pure genius , and in my opinion the best cd i 've ever heard 
music pos 563.txt this is the best cd i have ever listened to ! i highly recommend i 
music pos 358.txt del spits brilliant lyrics and produces excellently.. . the beats of songs merge together as tracks change.. . el-p makes a cameo.. . casual makes a cameo.. . prince paul produces a track.. . get this album 
music pos 422.txt only 2 words can describe this great cd and they are ( simply incerdible ) im only 17 but i know great oldschool when i hear it and this is fantastic musi 
music pos 498.txt this is a great collection of the many " atom bomb " songs that are in movies such as " atomic cafe " , dr. strangelove , and other films of the genre . i highly recommend this to anyone who collects " bomb " memorabilia 
music pos 449.txt this was 2pac 's last good album before he joined deathrow.he was a good rapper but never the best , he started too much beef with other rappers for no reason.he had alot of beef with east coast rappers like biggie , nas , jay-z and mobb deep , but he never opened his mouth about wu-tang because they would lyrically destroy him.this is one of the best albums from 95 right behind gza 's liquid swords and mobb deep 's the infamous 
music pos 229.txt gene watson was one of the finest voices in country music , and this compilation of 18 hits provide a fine sampling of that voice . considered by some to be " hard country " , i find gene watson to have a more " pop " oriented voice that combined well with his selection of songs ; and in the ' 70 's , that proved to be enough to keep him on the charts . while many of the songs on this album are pure country , others are the typical , drab , 70 's pop that filled the void between the nashville sound and the new traditional era of the 80's . in any case , there is no doubt that gene watson earned his spot in country music , and this collection carries those hits that made him the household name he is today ; including his signature songs " farewell party " and " love in the hot afternoon " . if you prefer the more traditional country sound , his " you could know as much about a stranger " and " should i come home " are also included 
music pos 540.txt joe bonamassa is a blue / rock musical phenomenon that is awe-inspiring to anyone who will take the time to listen to his music . in his musical style / class , i would count him the second greatest musician on the planet - with walter trout weighing in first place . as you can easily see from all of the other reviews , i believe that you will find this cd well worth purchasing - as i have found all his material is . ( after purchasing this item , i eventually went on to purchase everything he produced and have n't been disappointed . ) as with any cd , you may not like all the selections but i believe the vast majority of his material you will . among my favorites on this cd are : ` pack it up ' , ` you upset me baby ' , and ` man of many words' . bonamassa is an extraordinary adept and versatile musician . since he is young and gifted , we can expect many more superb cd 's in the future . highly recommended 
music pos 400.txt this is a good collection , 15 of supertramp 's best songs and the best single-disc collection of theirs you will find . the sound is great and there are no filler songs , here , they 're all great to listen to . highly recommended 
music pos 763.txt the dead were primarily a live road band , but on this and the other great album from 1970 ( american beauty ) the band proved their mettle in the studio , moving into less spacey territory . the music reflects their range , from country and bluegrass to folk , blues and rock . superb . ps . their early studio effortsanthem.. . , aoxomoxoa ) were also noteworthy experiments , but the music was n't as powerful as the live interpretations 
music pos 565.txt buy this cd now if you do n't have it , it is an instant classic . the beats are banging , and fit cougnut and c-fresh 's lyrics perfectly . the lyrics are tight , and touch on many different things . & quot ; the last breath&quot ; is real life song about death and injustice , and decisions we all have to make in life . & quot ; protect what you hustle fo&quot ; is gangsta , about the individual struggle / hustle . & quot ; tell me something good&quot ; ( remix ) is even better than the west coast bad boyz version with master p . its about real life in the ghetto 
music pos 168.txt this is my all time favourite jacksons album . this album , along with ` mama ca n't buy you love ' and anything by donna summer were hogging the airwaves during my first visit to the states as a kid . comprising mainly jackson compositions ( and production ) , it showed a more mature and funky side of the group , and was far more consistent than their hit filled but patchy motown works . filled with their trademark smooth harmonies , lots of horns and michael 's distinctive vocals , the album hit #11 on the billboard album charts ( #3 r&b ) , was certified platinum and had a smash hit single in ` shake your body ( down to the ground ) ' #7 pop . ` blame it on the boogie ' opened the album in style , a funky upbeat disco tune that one could n't keep still while it played . other dancefloor anthems are the horn laden ` things i do for you ' , the frenetic ` all night dancin' ' , and the shimmery ` shake your body ' with its distinctive riff , which hinted at future mj songs like ` do n't stop till you get enough ' and ` workin ' day and night' . for me however , the songs that really did it for me were the ballads . ` push me away ' is a lush sun kissed ballad featuring a passionate vocal delivery from michael , alternating from full voice to falsetto with ease . great horns ! title track ` destiny ' has an acoustic guitar intro which leads into an amazing ballad where michael declares ` if it 's the rich life i do n't want it / happiness aint always material things' . great backing harmonies too . ` bless his soul ' is simply stunning ! featuring pensive lyrics about trying to do what 's right , but never seeming to please anyone . ` you just ca n't please the world and yourself ' sings jackie . this song starts off tender with congas , fleeting horns and strings which after the second chorus builds to a superb climax of ` the life you 're living is dangerous ' and a fab outro of ` hey , ha ha ha' . then comes the final track and my favourite . the dramatic ` that 's what you get for being polite' . a thumping piano leads to horns and sweeping strings , and then michael tells us the sad tale of some lonely guy named jack who wants to be what he is not and would do anything for love . dazzling instrumentation , a stellar vocal performance from michael , the cover art was a painting depicting the group with their huge afros , and the original vinyl release folded open like a book with individual shots of the brothers . one of my favourite childhood albums , one of my all time favourite albums , and a classic ! 
music pos 802.txt i 'm not sure about all that other nonsense the reviewer before me is talking about ( sounds like someone with an axe to grind ) but this album is a stunning piece of workmanship . the music is inspired , the melodies transcending , and the emotion - deep and meaningful . as far as " copying yanni " goes , well - i do n't agree , in fact , yanni is far more generic and less inspired . the sound samples the cranky reviewer alludes to are in fact not the same nor , are they yanni 's creation . i write this review to commend mr farish on his work , and to take to task the idiot who misinformed others and could n't resist his own urge to see his " critique " in print . ryans music is distinctly his own , no question - and any similarities are tonal , and not compositional - which the reveiwer would be well advised to take note of . as far as i 'm concerned , you be the judge - and let cranky wannabe music critics continue to wallow in their own self hate as they surf store shelve 's and websites for music to criticize - and well , make themselves feel a little better . personally , i would recommend this album to anyone who likes strong songs with great production and uplifting energy . all the other stuff is for hacks ! enjoy this music ! i do . 
music pos 448.txt i loved the cd , it took me back to the days of the original recordings , however the sound was not as good as the original . 
music pos 930.txt i have been listening to this album for at least 12 years and it rarely leaves my cd changer . i played the cassette version until it literally would not play any more , and it was one of the first cds i bought . a relative first introduced me to this album and of course & quot ; coming up close&quot ; was the reason i bought my own copy . but i came to love each song and appreciate aimee mann as an exceptionally gifted songwriter . it is a great & quot ; road trip&quot ; album and & quot ; on sunday&quot ; makes the perfect & quot ; summer song&quot ; . the mix is not mainstream pop / rock . it is not a 1980 's anthem , but it is one of the defining moments , for me . the lyrics have meaning , which sometimes defies what the ' 80 's were about . the only other thing i can say is listen to this cd ! i am sure you will find mann 's unique voice as captivating as i do . it is a definite must have for one 's cd library 
music pos 406.txt tosca 's suzuki is not breaking any ground , but by god they have mastered the art . this album is just so professional sounding , very nicely produced . this is how i envision trance to sound like , so much garbage out there it taked a while to sift through and find a golden little record like this . funky bassbeats and killer sounds . it 's what they call ethereal....i think . it flows so well from track to track , quite the odyessy in under an hour 
music pos 133.txt grew up on this group . love them then and love them now . own the & quot ; best of&quot ; collection but you can never compile the best on one cd . for those winans fans you know what i 'm talking about . these brothers are music genuises especially marvin winans . like stevie wonder they were ahead of their time . my favorite song on this album shares the message of all times . & quot ; together we stand&quot ; opens up the eyes to all race , religion , and creed that its time to come together if we want to see a change in this world regardless of background . entire album is great including the celebrity appearances such as stevie wonder , teddy riley , and aaron hall . i like the flavor the cameos add to this album . if you 're into mid-tempo music this is the album to purchase 
music pos 202.txt what can i say that most of the people reviewing this cd have n't already said . arthur is outrageously talented . it 's almost shocking . the depth of songwriting and production values are so intense . it 's extremely well recorded and mixed music . anyone into audio manipulation should just buy all of his albums right now . " stumble and pain " is probably my favourite track . the sinister tone of it and the synth effects are just superb . as with all arthur albums the vocals are dense , layered , and its something he 's obviously worked on for a long time and it really pays off on this album ! anyone new to him should buy this immediatly and buy redemption 's son straight after that . what a musician 
music pos 486.txt i 've been listening to satoshi tomiie for a long time and this is definetly one of his best cd 's yet . its one of those cd 's that is a must have before a road trip . just play it and let it ride . from beginning to end it keeps your ears on high alert just waiting for that next track to hit . before you know it your at the end , but who says you cant just hit repeat and start the ride all over again . 
music pos 22.txt this cd is really really good . warped tour never fails to please . the best songs are by these people...the used , yellowcard , story of the year , matchbook romance , the early november , avoid one thing , taking back sunday , audio karate , simple plan , maxeen , coheed and cambria , and mest . buy this c 
music pos 786.txt this album was by far the bands most daring ablum . they went away from the classic inxs sound that made them superstars ( kick , x ) and instead updated their sound to fit the time . like a previous reviewer noted , this was when grunge was becoming very popular in the us , and unfortunately , caused this album to go unnoticed for the most part . its sad too , cuz there are many solid tracks , inlcuding heaven sent ( my favorite ) , not enough time , baby dont cry and beautiful girl . i have recently become a big fan of inxs and have purchased all of their albums . i like this one in particular because it is different from all their other albums . i recommend " welcome " to any inxs fan and any other fan of great music 
music pos 86.txt i 'm really not sure what the purpose of this disc is , other than as an adam ant filler for those collectors who need to add more to their collection . this is a slightly scaled down version of the truly best of " antics in the forbidden zone " which detailed adam ant 's career up until the bombastic " apollo 9 " album . " essential " adds the 1990 single " room at the top " from " manners & physique " album and " wonderful " from the 1995 " wonderful " album . these two songs are not really worth the cost of admission and i think are probably the weakest songs on those two albums , anyway . and of course " essential " ignores the unreleased 1993 album " persuasion " which had some really good songs on it . if you want later period adam ant , " manners " is really good and " wonderful " is , well , less than wonderful , but still a worthwhile adam ant. if you want an introduction to adam ant , the chronologically catalogued " antics " is great and a more complete collection ! 
music pos 728.txt as a former piano major i can assure those who would purchase this dusc that it is well worth it . reminiscent ( dare i say it ? ) of horowitz 
music pos 14.txt this is a wonderful , fun and soothing cd ! it will relax children and parents will enjoy it even after the 100th listen ! ! my husband is a musician and he loves both of the dan zanes cds we have . this will now be a gift i give to all my friends and family when they have a baby 
music pos 868.txt some musicians , like fine chefs , make it look so easy . david grisman is one of them . on the cd , & quot ; i 'm beginning to see the light , & quot ; the prolific mandolinist extraordinaire is joined by scottish guitar virtuoso martin taylor and veteran grisman quintet members jim kerwin and george marsh ( on bass and drums / percussion , respectively ) for one hot little album . while the song list is comprised of many well-loved standards , such as & quot ; autumn leaves , & quot ; & quot ; makin ' whoopee , & quot ; & quot ; lover man , & quot ; and & quot ; cheek to cheek , & quot ; the taylor / grisman quartet seems to have so much fun preparing its stew and adds enough incredible seasonings to the pot to make emeril shout , & quot ; bam ! & quot ; as don stierberg , who penned the liner notes , says : & quot ; music need not be trendy to be great . &quot ; i wholeheartedly agree . ( c.a. carlino 
music pos 785.txt jock rock is a must for anyone in the fitness business . nothing gets a crowd hopping like a little james brown ! not much for listening to , but a good collection when your looking for just the right song to play for a certain event 
music pos 411.txt fournier plays exquisitely , imbuing each note with an elegance of its own and keeping the piece lyrical yet still rhythmically precise . although his interpretation is romantic , the spirit is all bach with no egoism on the part of fournier . there is both serenity and tension in these recordings , and fournier 's smooth interpretation is one of the most moving recordings available 
music pos 510.txt the first cd from baby anne is fairly typical florida breaks fare . i would n't claim that 's a bad thing , but do n't expect to be surprised if you 're familiar with the genre . overall it 's a solid offering from baby anne and delivers the bass . the second cd is a surprising mix from jen lasher , who has abandoned her old breakbeat sound and fully adopted a more electro feel . to those who have labeled this " industrial " i will say first and foremost that you are wrong . there is not one remotely industrial track on the cd . what she does provide is an extremely varied mix of synthpop , house , and a couple breaks tracks , all very vocal and sporting an electro pop flare , sometimes approaching the full-on ny electroclash sound . from someone quite familiar with electropop artists i ca n't recommend highly enough this diverse mix guaranteed to please newcomers and electro afficianados alike . my only complaint is the strikingly misplaced wolfsheim track , which i can only assume fueled the misguided and completely false depeche mode comparison from another reviewer . 
music pos 577.txt spice 1 's just different from every other rapper . and he 's awesome . if you love hardcore rap , you 'll love spice 1 
music pos 357.txt at first i did n't think there was enough new material on this soundtrack to make it worthwhile , but the four previously unreleased songs are so completley wonderful , especially & quot ; all i want to know&quot ; and & quot ; heather&quot ; . this is an essential for any stephin merritt fan 
music pos 242.txt i 'm a horn performance major , and i bought this box set because i needed recordings of all of beethoven 's symphonies but at a low cost . now first off , yes , they sound great . however , i 've noticed a problem in the first movement of the fifth symphony : karajan changes beethoven 's orchestration ! allow me to explain : the horn players at the time would have been using valveless horns - - instruments bound to the overtone series . on the " natural " or " hand " horn , pitches that fall on the overtone series can be played without adjustment ( like a bugle ) but any other note must be bent into tune by using the right hand to close off the bell . this technique was effective in allowing the horn to play most chromatic pitches , however , the " stopped " notes have an entirely different tone color ; most composers favored " open " pitches , especially for symphonic works . in the exposition , the second theme is announced by a call in e-flat by the horns . however , in the recap , the same call must be in the tonic ( c ) , as dictated by sonata form . the horn part is written for e-flat horns , which meant they would have been tuned so that the harmonic series emphasised e-flat major , the relative major . the e-flat call of the exposition falls entirely on partials the hornists can play with no significant adjustment - - they are all " open " notes . however , in the recapitulation , the c call would include two " closed " notes if it were played by the e-flat horn . the horns could change crooks and become c horns , in which case the call would again be all open partials , but beethoven does not do this ; i am uncertain whether he wanted the horns in e-flat for the transition , leaving them no time to change , or if it was simply not yet common practice to change crooks in the middle of a movement . for whatever reason , beethoven left the horns in e-flat and rather than writing the call in the horns again , which would include stopped pitches and have a very different sound , beethoven moved the call to the bassoons . in karajan 's recording , the second theme is announced by the horns in both the exposition and the recapitulation . granted , if beethoven had been writing for our modern valve horns , he might have written both calls in the horn section . there is no way to prove for certain that this is the case , however . it strikes me as very arrogant to " correct " beethoven 's instrumentation , and i feel that a respect for historical accuracy by preserving the master 's writing is a more prudent performance choice . 
music pos 630.txt the soundtrack is great but some of the good songs from the movie arent on it . overall it is a good produc 
music pos 932.txt did you lose interest in new rock in the past several years because all those loud songs on the fm station sound about the same ? maybe you noticed one song in there somewhere that had memorable hooks and interesting lyrics among the crunching guitars ? the libertines are - or at least were - one of those diamonds in the rough . their raw , loud style is closer to punk than any other genre , but most of their songs are more well-developed than that suggests and might even appeal to classic rock fans . make no mistake , though , this is a loud album . with the exception of the oddly balladish " radio america , " it 's a pretty steady sonic assault , and the lyrics are mostly somewhere between " louie louie " and live dylan on the intelligibility scale . what can be understood is more erudite than you 'd expect , though . " what a waster " is a frighteningly vivid look at drug addiction , " boys in the band " is the best groupie song i 've heard in a long time , and " the good old days " actually reveals a touch of sentimentality just under the power chords . decipherable or not , most of the other songs are at least very catchy . the whole collection is a nice balance between aggressive style and memorable songs that has been all too lacking for a long time now . 
music pos 764.txt sing of mary is a work of art ! the beauty of the music is only surpassed by the woman it praises...mary ! god bless this cd. . 
music pos 362.txt when i bought this i played it on repeat for about 45 hours . different versions than on the album ( i think it 's their demo ) . this version of modern age is amazing . definitely worth buying 
music pos 458.txt rien a dire si ce n'est que too $hort et ses potes a claque c'est tout 
music pos 195.txt i like the main voice ( s ) and i like the music , but the voices are over powered by the music . if they turned up the voices a bit i think this would be a great album . this album does not sound like other albums i have so i 'm not sure what to compare it to . 
music pos 235.txt " the dreaming was one of those albums that i found in my parents cd collection when i was young and i have n't outgrown it yet . my parents seemed to hate it and never bought a kate bush cd after it ( though i recently bought her whole collection except " the whole story " as it 's just a greatest hits ! ) . this album took me a very long time to get into however . i listened to it several times as a child and then put it away because i thought it was too strange . i took it out then several years later and loved it . i would now say it could be my all time favourite cd and is better than " hounds of love " as i see it . the songs all stand on their own and bush 's voice is brilliant and her quirky themes shine through . this is the only album that i will never skip a track because i 'm always in the mood for them all . 1. " sat in your lap " - a great opening track . bush deals with whether she can be bothered to do something or not . the instruments are great as always . 2. " there goes a tenner " - a notable song for the quirky british accent bush puts on . the instruments are very good and remind me of the ' 80 's ( as it was made then ! ) . that was a good decade for music ! 3. " pull out the pin " - the piano arrangement is excellent in this song and the chorus is so good . the lyrics are about someone who is in war and thinking about pulling out the pin of a grenade . the song was inspired by a documentary . 4. " suspended in gaffa " - i do n't actually know what gaffa is but this song is still so great and catchy . the lyrics are quirky and the instrumentation is excellent . 5. " leave it open " - an excellent song that reminds me more of " hounds of love " . the instrumentation is excellent as always . 6. " the dreaming " - another brilliant song which is so funny because of bush 's australian accent . the production is good and so is the songwriting . 7. " night of the swallow " - the use of irish traditional music is a nice effect to this song . the singing by bush is superb and the song is flawless ! 8. " all the love " - the song has a sadder feel to it but is excellent . the lyrics are unusual and very well done . the instruments complement bush 's superb voice and never overtake ! 9. " houdini " - the album cover is to do with this song . the song is excellent with a really quirky chorus and good instrumentation . 10. " get out of my house " - a perfect way to end an amazing album . the lyrics are so good and it is so funny at the end when she turns into a mule ( within the song obviously ) . it is something only kate bush could have written ! overall i think it is an amazing album though i can see why people do n't like it . it could be a little too experimental for some though for me it is perfect . kate bush shows she was the original alternative female and the best ( yes , she 's better than tori amos ) . she is one of the few geniuses of music and an all time amazing artist . reccomended to everyone into alternative , especially tori amos fans ! mark - 10 / 1 
music pos 232.txt this is a great cd with many good songs as it is one of my favorites and bruce rules 
music pos 974.txt i love " fool for the city " i have also always loved savoy brown " looking in " and did n't know until recently that lonesome dave was the singer and most of the savoy brown band went on to form foghat . if you are a foghat fan you should check out " looking in " by savoy brown . if you 've heard other stuff by savoy brown and did n't like it , do n't be discouraged because " looking in " ( and only " looking in " ) is essentially foghat . there were a lot of changes in savoy brown personnel through the years and the guys that did looking in were the best . 
music pos 804.txt now i know what you 're thinking , why are there two releases of " xx " ? well after they switched from eclipse to universal records they re-released the album " xx " but they also re-recorded all the songs with less hard core vocals ( big mistake ! ) the original album is by far much better than the universal release in december of 2001. if you 're not sure which one to go with go with this one ! 
music pos 201.txt i just saw this woman live and she 's amazing ! ! ! ! the songs come alive when you hear them ! it 's hard to put into words the state that her music and lyrics put you in . but trust me it 's a good place ! please check her music out if you 're into heartfelt music 
music pos 910.txt a ridiculously good album . this is as good an introduction to jawbox as you 're going to find . it 's got most of their really great songs , plus some live songs which are great . another good thing is that desoto records ( the label that was started by the band ) has re-released the cd , so it should n't be as hard to find 
music pos 346.txt i read about lila downs ' new cd , la cantina , in victor cruz - lugo 's article entitled , " sweet sorrow , " published in the june-july 2006 issue of hispanic magazine ( page 76 ) . it is an honor and a pleasure to offer these few reflections on lila downs ' new cd , la cantina : 1. the cd cover is awesome , a beautiful and colorful work of art illustrating lila in a pensive and contemplative mid-air pause with her guitarra ready to rock . it strikes me as an example of the rising feminine in our time , awakening the historically-oppressed feminine from its slumber and into an alto canto of unstoppable and celebratory song . 2. each track is a lively composition of mexican corridos and sones impregnated with lila 's lovely voice that makes me feel so proud to be mexicano-chicano-hualahuisense and a member of our precious universal human family . 3. i first was introduced to lila downs and her musical talent when i enrolled in writer juan felipe herrera 's legendary manikrudo summer arts class at cal state fresno in 2000. juan felipe invited her to our class room and she impressed us all with her down-to-earth talented voice . later that night we all saw her in concert at the tower theatre in fresno and i 've been a fan of her work ever since . 4. this new cd is indeed a delightful experience . i appreciate that she moved into the corrido , son , etc. genres which makes me appreciate her music so much more . it has so much more appeal to me without bordering on the commercial and superficious . it 's authentic and retains its articistic musical integrity . i think that this is a hallmark that we can expect from all of lila 's work . she is a true artist . i 've always appreciated her darker and earthier songs in her first two cds , however , this new stride into popular folk corridos is a movement into another aspect of the heart and soul of the mexicano experience . 5. i am very impressed with lila 's voice and how it has matured since the summer of 2000. there seems to be more color and flair in it and definitely mucho corazon . ahua ! her solos in " yo ya me voy , " have my soul spinning to the outer edges of infinity . as victor cruz-lugo writes , " through it all , downs ' powerful alto voice cuts a path into the deepest pits of your heart , tears something out of there and somewhow we as listeners wind up asking her for more of the same . " this is my favorite of lila 's repertoire . it is my opinion that those who purchase this cd will not be disappointed . enjoy ! 
music pos 689.txt when i bought this cd it was for a little bit of nostalgia - those were the days . since playing it once when it blew me away with the tracks and the memories , i have played it so often that if it were vinyl it would be worn out by now . if you liked mary hopkins then this is a fantastic selection of her music and well worth a place in your collection 
music pos 797.txt coming from a listener with a broad scope of musical preferences , blues has always been a multi-faceted genre which can be broken down into the categories:soulful blues , drinking blues and guitar blues . " b.b king - live at the regal " is one of those recordings that just happens to capture all three . this recording is dear to my heart as i can remember far back as first or second grade when my grandmother ( god bless ) used to play this on 8-track . she used to love herself some riley " blues brother " king . this recording always seemed to be in the player when my cousins and i would come over to visit and rest assured , you will hear it before you left to go home . at that time , being the young naive kid that i was , i remember saying that i hated it and that it was old folks music . all grown up now , in an age where real music is practically unheard of in terms of what these young artists of today release on cds , i have a newfound respect for real stuff like this . so instead of sitting around burning your brain cells trying to understand what this new generation is calling itself creating , you have decided to come to one of the first sources for good old fasioned real music....the blues . in my opinion , " bb king live at the regal " is one of mr. king 's best recordings and with myself not being a big fan of live albums , this is one of those rare live pieces that captures the essence of what a live recording should sound like . maybe not so much in terms of the musicianship but the overall performance of those involved . the arrangements were put together nicely & the musicians were all in a very tight vibe on this album and whoever was on the mixing board did an excellent job of capturing this essence . bb 's pickin ' and crooning mixed with the superb playing by the band make this a wonderful place to start for the blues or bb king enthusiast . it sounds as if it was made in a tasteful nightclub full of grown people who wanted to hear good music while having a good time . the ladies were screaming and the gentlemen were cheering and bb was playing at his best . the only gripe i have about this disc is that it is very short ; which was typical considering the age and time that it was made but still essential and a solid lesson for anyone interested in blues ( especially blues guitar ) . i recommend getting this and bb 's " live in cook county jail " . they both are live albums and both have some of the same songs on them but they were done in a different way and should still be heard . good choice if you get this one . 
music pos 955.txt this cd has all of the cuts that you remember from back in the day...you will love it...it is always in my car 
music pos 287.txt i first encountered bird3 opening for veruca salt the summer of 2001. that band had put their faith into bird and so have i . we fell in love with them all together . this band has successfully combined infectious pop hooks with soul-baring lyrics to create something unique , beautiful , and far from most of the trite pop or rock music you hear on the radio today . you 'll find yourself not only humming along , but holding this music close to your heart at your most intimate moments . you will not once regret buying this piece of art 
music pos 389.txt saw this fella in ' you see me laughin ' on ifc . good straight ahead delta style blues . this is the real deal 
music pos 225.txt i appreciate bands like ima robot , film school and electroclash artists for trying to add a little balance into alternative music , or at least i appreciate film school for trying to merge the beauty of electronica with alternative and allow it to simmer down to the always wonderous shoegazing while bringing back the trend of the new wave you loved in the 80's . the thing about it is it is bands like these that are adding their own style into music making it worth your minutes and expanding your genres from just on band . have you heard depeche mode 's albums with a wind of boards of canada ? call this the album that it would have made more sense for maximo park to create if you will but this album is america 's response to all other international bands showing us off hard . ( the band is from san francisco , i believe ) and their influence for this album is a mix of electronica and 80 's music ( my bloody valentine . new order ? depeche mode ? ) all leading them to create an album that does n't quite call the band in question an american radiohead per se , but with half of the music smothered in swirling guitars , accompanying keyboards , and a leaders effort to push the band forward , a band that is trying to reach heights of originality . film school 's debut ( if you are n't counting their imported ep ) kicks off with am intro wielding only swirls of guitar and electronics before finally bringing you into an illuminating " on and on " that may force your urge to name this band after interpol and elefant and a little bit of the bravery in there , too , but will not let you throughout this entire album . their current single " pitfalls " may cause them to swing on the vine of similarity since everyone is trying to bring back new wave these days , but worse can happen for a band like this . the backward keyboard melody should more than make you tell the difference . the second actual interlude " garrison " is where boards of canada 's wind starts blowing through the cd , before heading back into the record that will be likely to redefine the sound of " cool " . if there is ever an album to chase after and count on for the safety of new wave and the health of alternative , i do n't see a better candidate for leg-ups than film school 's latest . rating : 7.5 / 1 
music pos 408.txt right , so , you 're reading this either because you are a big oasis fan and realize that this album is wonderful , or because you 've heard some oasis songs on the ever-disappointingly-dull radio and it 's sparked yer interest . " the masterplan " is a compilation of oasis b-sides that have been released over the years . what has always made oasis the best band in the world is the fact that the songs that they include on their " albums proper " are not necessarily their best songs . as such , songs like " acquiesce " , " talk tonight " and " stay young " are vacant on their albums , yet they represent the best of this lovely band and are included here in stunning fashion . so in summary , i absolutely do not recommend you buy this album until you at least own and fall in love with " definitely maybe " and " morning glory " . to those who own and love this album , it is a part of rock history and is not to be overlooked . 
music pos 973.txt another solid 70 's band that faded into obscurity . the nice thing about living in canada was that we got to see all of the minor as well as the major acts . edward bear fell between the two . the original members got together in the late sixties and took their name from a more famous bear named winnie . all of their hits are here as well as a cover of " freedom for the stallion " , a song that was also covered by " the hues corporation " and popularized by " three dog night " . its mostly the type of music that most will remember a favourite love by from " the last song " to " close your eyes " ( i 'm back again ) . a good middle of the road pop album to melt back the years 
music pos 512.txt we really liked the cd of music from the sound track of the movie , elf. it was what we expected and we appreciated getting it promptly since it is christmas music and we we able to enjoy it all through the holiday season . 
music pos 559.txt " animal farm " is a personal favorite of mine . and i dont understand why this song does't get more recognition - in my opinion , the most underrated song ever written ( yes i know , its a bold statement ) . theres something about davies ' voice in " animal farm " that makes this song unforgettable - particularly in this part : ' while i lay my head upon my pillow little girl , come play beneath my window though she 's far from home she is free from harm and she need not fear she is by my side and the sky is wide so let the sun shine bright ' the build up to davies screaming " she is by my side " is really breathtaking . the title track and " starstruck " are just as excellent . this album is a real treat and should be in everybody 's collection 
music pos 943.txt purchased this album because of the great album cover , was i surprised when i popped it into my cd player . i had n't heard of rick braun before but after listening to this cd , i ran out and purchased everything he has ever recorded . never have i heard a trumpet sound so beautiful . share this music with someone you love 
music pos 85.txt well , here we are . one of the true works of the electronic genre in the 90 's , " lifeforms " is true sonic adventure . this is obviously some of the best work that fsol ever did . " lifeforms " is a double album of electronic and ambient moments spliced together , interchanged and meshed . for ambient work , it has a lot of randomness and bright detail thrown in at a rapid pace . there is a lot of energy and terse grab to the songs , despite their being ambient . it is very original , i praise originality in music . give it a try , put on some " flower " " bird wings " or some " elaborate burn . 
music pos 839.txt their 4th album as a complete group ( not counting the few album havoc & prode'je put out ) is my least favorite of the 4 scc albums i have ( i do n't have the one from 1992 or 2005 ) , but it still gets itself a 4 star rating . out of the 13 songs on here none are vclassics or worth skipping ; 4 are ok and the other 9 are good . like all their albums , guests are minimal and are on are on 2 of the 13 songs . production is mostly handled by prode'je ( as with all their albums ) he does get a little help from robert " fonksta " bacon & tomie mundie . a good album to have for scc fans but not their best work . #1 - 8 #2 - 8 #3 - 7.5 #4 - 7.5 #5 - 7 #6 - 8 #7 - 8.5 ( f / c-bo , spice 1 , prophet - -- - also on their " gangsta conversation " album ) #8 - 9 ( f / daz dillinger - - - good beat ) #9 - 8 #10 - 9 ( good beat , deeper song - - my favorite on here ) #11 - 8 #12 - 8 ( another deeper song ) #13 - 7.5 scc is - - - havikk , prode'je , havoc , l.v. , dj gripp , dj kaos check all my review 
music pos 587.txt fluke 's latest album had been long in coming , and plagued with issues ( word on the grapevine is one of the trend-setting trio left some point during production ) . still , years after their masterpiece risotto , fluke has returned intact and delivered another album , the oddly titled puppy . puppy is for the most part a dark album . it 's clearly the evolution of the track absurd ( off risotto ) and its particular taste of big beat techno , with numerous tracks featuring similarly styled lyrics and vocals . the sound has been expanded with touches of industrial guitars and beats that would sound right at home in prodigy 's fat of the land or at a nine inch nails concert . the opening snapshot shows this most evidently . the album takes up a rave feel with the tracks another kind of blues ( a remix of the stellar number zion featured in the matrix reloaded and its soundtrack ) and hang tough , which flow into each other and result in a mesh of old-school rave beats with new-school industrial grooves . ykk is a wicked track that would easily be at home in a big-budget spy or action flick , while expo is a sweeping and epic song . blue sky is as close to an uplifting number you 'll find on the cd , with a full choir used in the song 's chorus . compared to risotto , puppy inevitably comes up short . like bt 's emotional technology , puppy has the misfortune of being the follow-up album to a complete and utter masterpiece ( puppy to risotto , emotional technology to movement in still life ) . and let 's face it : it 's hard to surpass yourself when release an album that 's nigh-perfect . still , i was n't sure what to expect with puppy and i found myself pleasantly surprised . it 's darker and meaner , but it 's an overall rock-solid album , and fans of the grittier side of fluke ( absurd , atom bomb ) will likely be pleased with puppy 
music pos 175.txt all i have to say is great album 
music pos 236.txt what else can be said about this great cd ? it 's one of the best pop records ever made and you never get sick of hearing these 10 songs . " child of vision " is the best ( the piano solo is killer ) of the best , but this is one of those rare cd 's that you just pop in and let the entire thing play till the end ( no skipping over songs you do n't like ) . a true classic 
music pos 749.txt sweet brazillian jazz piano combined with guaraldi 's 1960 's hit & quot ; cast your fate to the wind . &quot ; throw in a coupla classics like & quot ; since i fell for you&quot ; and & quot ; moon river&quot ; masterfully interpreted by vince and you have the perfect album for unwinding , loving , or waking up 
music pos 641.txt this album is hard ! e-40 always come sic wit it . if you do n't got it , ya betta git it . it reminds me of his ( my fav . ) & quot ; i a major way&quot ; album . sluppin ' from intro till outro . he is the bay area 's finnest . please belave it 
music pos 370.txt this cd is absolutely wonderful . i am in australia so strawberry shortcake merchandise is not as readily available down here as it is in the usa , so you can imagine my daughters delight when this cd is being played . the songs are just gorgeous - i just wish they were a little longer . i thoroughly recommend this item to any little ss fans . 
music pos 803.txt an outstanding compilation of a wide variety of popular and regional styles from across mexico . this set examines both traditional and contemporary music , including a brilliant ska-banda mix by the popular & quot ; rock en espanol&quot ; band , cafe tacuba . rancheras , corridos , boleros , indie rock and various stylistic fusions are represented , and even a few sones from veracruz - - one of my favorite musical genres ! if you are curious about the rich musical heritage of this large but often slighted nation , then check this collection out.. . it might open more than a few new musical doors 
music pos 410.txt mr. kimbrough done come thru with the dirt on this one . this aint just blues music , it 's soul music right in there with isaac hayes and nem . it 's hard played and honest and that 's the true pleasure of it 
music pos 313.txt this album is a classic , but its really short . dead prez are the best duo in rap in my opinion . i highly recommend this and all of dead prez 's other albums 
music pos 269.txt if you are expecting " safari moon pt. 2 " , you will be dissapointed . air took a more adventuourous , darker , ambient , serious , experimental , and ultimtately brilliant journey into electronic music . the songs here range from sounding like aphex twin ( without the weird off-putting effects or heavy drums ) to thievery corp. air still has a beautiful sense of melody and as usual the tunes themselves are beautifully and creatively put together ( even a throwaway air song is a well-crafted one ) . overall , all us true hardcore air fans love this album . those who only loved ms may not like it , but that 's their loss i say 
music pos 750.txt always loved this group....own several of their cd 's and this is by far my favorite . darryl hall 's phrasing of his songs are superb . 
music pos 502.txt king elvis . queen madiona . prince justin . and now princess hillary ! duff is slowly making her way up to the queen of pop . it was espicially nice to here my teen idol singing all christmas classics with some other pop stars too . if you love hillary duff and you really need some new cd 's by her and it 's crhistmas time then this is cd for you ! let me tell ya somethin ' , that girl can sing . so go to the cd store . buy it ! play it ! plop down on the couch and have a glass of egg nog . 
music pos 330.txt feinstein is in love with the gershwins and that passion is never made clearer than in pure gershwin . michael 's love affair with ira 's lyrics , his reckless abandon to the light-hearted spirit of the familiar - - and lesser known - -phrases , more than makes up for the less polished vocal production in this early album . in fact , it is that very element that sells these songs as i 've never heard them elsewhere . michael pulls out all stops , embracing the less-than-lily-white additional verses of & quot ; embraceable you&quot ; , with the unbridled passion of a first time lover . his duet with rosie clooney arrouses my curiosity about the movie in which this unknown number made its debut . what a delightful approach michael demonstrates throughout... . oh , to be that young and exuberant about life , love and music again 
music pos 119.txt i had been hearing " always thinking of you . " but , i never got who it was . i purchased xm radio and on the smooth jazz channel , i heard the cut again and got the artist name . purchased the cd based on that one cut . every cut is great on this cd . i look forward to catching him live at some point and will continue to look for more from him in the future . he has his own style . but , not only do you hear hints of benson and brown..........i hear a little doc powell as well . i will be introducing friends to this great artist............keep it coming........... . 
music pos 937.txt considered one of coltrane 's ' searching ' periods , this cd has a lot to offer in the way of understanding trane 's restless nature . never one to stand on laurels , coltrane does indeed continue to set the bar ' higher ' every time out . this one is mostly ballad and blues based , with the exeption of 2 tracks in particular which stand out - on both ends of the trane spectrum . track #2 , " i love you " finds him playing furious , cerebral runs on the instrument , and , frankly , not as ' listenable ' as one may like ; whereas the track with donald byrd is as ' in the pocket ' as you 'll ever hear . all in all , a very realistic look at a genius in motion 
music pos 128.txt i 'm a spanish fan of soul music of the 90's . these days is almost impossible to find a good soul / r&b cd to purchase . in the 90 's i had to buy about 2 or 3 cds per week . now , with all the rap & hip hop topping the charts , what kind of music could i purchase ? luther , anita , lalah , smooth jazz & maybe , some joe 's cd . and of course , this terrific cd by mr.benson . if you 're a fan of good r&b music and you hate the hip hop music , buy this cd now ! ! ! ! you wo n't regret ! 
music pos 413.txt ca n't really add much to the reviews . this is one of those albums that increases in listening value as it gets older . i 'll admit that when this came out in ' 94 , i only bumped the singles . it did n't grab me at the time . sometime around ' 97 i gave it a spin and i 've been loving it ever since . there are plenty of bangers on the album , but classics like " pour out a little liquor " , " str8 ballin ' " , " how long will they mourn me " , cradle to the grave " , and " under pressure " make this album worth owning all by themselves . the rest of the songs are on point too - - there is n't much filler on this album . the production is handled by warren g . & nate dogg ( 1 ) , the awesone yet underrated easy mo b ( 1 ) , johnny j ( 1 ) , jay & mopreme ( 1 ) , jay & syke ( 1 ) , stretch ( 1 ) , and thug music ( 4 ) . i 'd say that all contributing producers turned in dope tracks . the only tracks that i would call skip material are " sh** do n't stop " and " do n't get it twisted " . " sh** do n't stop " is probably the most lazily produced track on the whole album and the lyrics are unimpressive . the production is on " do n't get it twisted " cool , but it 's one of those songs that you have to be in the mood for it ( in my opinion ) . volume 1 is a passionate , if at times misdirected , release from the thug life camp . the production is nothing short of vintage mid 90 's cali vibes . it holds up very well 13 years after its release . of course , if you 're a tupac completist , you probably have this album already . but even if you 're not a pac fan , this should be a part of your collection . r.i.p. tupac standout tracks : how long will they mourn me feat . nate dogg , pour out a little liquor , str8 ballin ' ( my favorite ) , cradle to the grave , under pressure , bury me a g feat . natasha walker ( of y.n.v. ) 
music pos 652.txt " the passion of the christ - songs " is a fine collection of great songs , each in their own way a reaction to the spectacular film that mel gibson has created . the standouts are the song " i see love " by steven curtis chapman , third day an mercyme ; scott stapp 's powerful solo debut song " relearn love ; " " rainy day " by big dismal , and the emotional " new again " by brad paisley and sarah evans . despite a couple of songs that do n't reach their true potential ( " the passion , " and " how many lashes " ) , this is a fine cd that belongs in anyone 's and everyone 's christian music collection . grade : a - 
music pos 215.txt it realy has been a long wait after jellyfish . this roger joseph manning solo effort is as beautiful as music can get , giving wagonloads of goosebumps all the way . if you have a craving for the ultimate in sophisticate popmusic you should get this rare jewel . and do n't wait for the us release : it lacks one song from a perfect 11 like the japanese has . i sure would n't want to miss any of these tracks . very higly recommended ! 
music pos 145.txt this is a good compilation of afi 's songs over the 10+ years they 've been together . it 's easily worthy of 10 stars . this cd allows newcomers to listen to the progress leading up to sing the sorrow , and to get more intimate with the band . i hav n't purchased this album yet , because i already have all their albums , but plan on it . the new tracks are from the answer that , and very proud of ya era . they 've finally been released on cd . this is a cool little feature fo newcomers also . anyway , buy this album only if you hav n't heard any of afis music but want to give it a try 
music pos 387.txt this album is simply one of the coolest things around , and when i listened to it , it inspired me to a similar project using the same ' weaving and zoning from place to place ' kind of method . what this basically is , are field recordings of various different indigenous and mainstream musics from mostly indian / middle eastern / oriental festivals ; they are then mixed together nicely into one flowing peice . you get indian gamelan , mussette accordion , vocal choruses , foreign tongue talking , and psychadelic bagpipes all in one 33 minute track , and then some . it 's very trippy , and it hints at some kind of endless dream where we flow from place to place without reason . get this for your own good 
music pos 149.txt anyone who had access to a radio in the 80 's would know at least two songs by missing persons . their fun music and amazing flare ( dale did have pink and white stiped hair and it looked great ! ) make this a good party album . i also have their album color in your life and most of the songs are great . just as an added note , warren cuccarullo is now a member of duran duran ( my personal favorite band ) and has been since he appeared on their notorious album which was released in 1986 ! ! 
music pos 39.txt it 's been a while since someone has sang the praises of this album . this is a timeless work . it never gets old no matter how many times it is played . i 've had this album for 5-6 years and i pull it out every summer . great music for boating or bbq 's on the deck . i promise you will love it . something everyone should have in their collection 
music pos 179.txt what is the song that is being played when they are handoing out the dance benefit leaflets ? email me at tarahillyard@aol.co 
music pos 329.txt bone thugs is always keepin it real . this album gots good production and of course them good lyrics . i love the beats on this album . the songs i got in my top 5 are straight bangers no doubt . this double album is a classic by bone thugs . you should cop this album . all tracks are 4-5 minutes long , each emcee spittin there verses , good stuff . definately check out this album now ! ! ! my top 5 songs 1.handle the vibe 2.look into my eyes 3.body rott 4.it 's all mo ' thug 5.ai n't nothin change 
music pos 443.txt a great sampling of one of top 10 musicians from the 20th century 
music pos 110.txt right , so by putting a review down for this album , i am getting labeled as an emo kid who wears his sweater too tight , cuts himself and cries over his girlfriend all day long , well too bad that 's not me , i am just a normal person who can tell the diference between bad and good music . hawthorne heights is an emo band who are criticised by lots and loved by lots of others , i have to agree that their lyrics are quite simplistic and are used over and over , they might even sound gay at some points , although , " we are so last year " made me laugh " i should have known you better , i should blame it on the weather " wtf is that ? ? ? anywyas so the lyrics are probably the reason why i 'm giving this 4 and not 5. but here we 're talking music not lyrics . the music has nothing very special to it and i can play every song on guitar , they often use the same chords except for a few songs " this is who we are " , but they have a lot of interesting melodies and do n't just rely on power chords to make their music interesting . even though these chord sequences are often re-used , hawthorne heights always manage to make their sound diverse and interesting and they are slowly imposing themsleves as the kings of knock-out choruses . the other thing i have noticed in this album is that there are much less screaming parts which is an improvement and the guitarist has finally learnt where his place is in the band ( behind his guitar ) but also when is a good time to scream and when it isn't . this makes them quite different from most other emo bands who literaly destroy their sound with high shrieks . hawthorne have become a little darker and even tune down their guitars in some of their songs now adding a bit more heavyness . also check out " where can i stab myslef in the ears " to see how hawthorne have improved . overall this is a step forward from their last album , it wo n't change the emo scene forever , but it will leave its mark in your memories and will give you a good moment when listening to it 
music pos 165.txt this was not a waste of brad 's time or mine . good job ! 
music pos 807.txt robbie 's flow corses through your veins causing a feeling of total ecstacy and rejuvination . to have a cd that has the power to lift your spirit and your soul is something i feel so honored to have in my possesion . hats off to robbie 
music pos 385.txt there are plenty of reasons to get this dead album . one is the fact that this is probably the best recorded psychedelic cd of all time . it was the first rock album recorded on a 16 track . in fact it was rerecorded to take advantage of the technology . the remaster is splendid . another good reason is the great bonus tracks . almost 80 minutes of dead for less than the price of driving your suv to the record store . can you dig it 
music pos 984.txt this is truly one of the great jazz albums of all time . surprisingly , evans ' introspective style and cannonball 's soulful approach meld together perfectly . perhaps this is testament to just how hugely talented these men are . both the technical skill and pure musicmanship displayed on this record is just amazing . i 've owned this cd for over 10 years now and still find so much to listen to in these recordings . highlights are the amazing & quot ; waltz for debby&quot ; and earl zindars ' waltz & quot ; elsa&quot ; , easily one of the most beautiful songs ever written , in my opinion . you simply cannot go wrong with this cd 
music pos 709.txt this is jeff beck 's best album . a masterpiece of guitar work . this is an all instrumental album that features what jeff does best - play guitar . the supporting band is excellent especially the drum work . production quality is excellent as well . while i would n't consider jb a blues guitarist i would consider him one of the top 10 guitarist ever and this album show cases why . a great companion album to blow by blow is wired . it 's a shame that after wired his record company made him go back to albums with vocals . he has on a roll and at a level that he has rarely gotten back to . if you like guitar and can live without vocals buy this album . you will not be disappointed 
music pos 283.txt overdrive , watching the rain , enchanted , teaching myself to dream , glow , lemon , because i can are really excellent songs , this album is really worth it . 
music pos 787.txt this is a great cd ! each track fades up to full volume at the start and fades down to silence at the end . this makes it nice to just play the entire cd or to loop one track since there are no sharp changes from one noise to another . so far the car and washing machine tracks seem to be our baby 's favorites . when she outgrows the need for this white noise cd , we 'll transition her to lullaby or classical music . for now though , this cd helps us keep her on a schedule and well rested by helping keep her relaxed and usually asleep during her nap times . as a bonus , the waves and rain on the roof tracks are soothing for grown-ups needing to drown out noise while they sleep 
music pos 275.txt this is mood making , sexy , great music . neal adds a slight rock edge to some beautiful and familiar melodies . this album is great for background music ( we play it in our store ) , party music or just for listing . one of the best guitar players of all time ' sings ' with his instrument . buy it now 
music pos 432.txt what can you say about mfl that has n't already been said . sublime , perfect , classic . this is still the definitive recording of the show , and no one has ever come close to the original cast . sadly , while the movie is wonderful , had warner bros . used andrew 's it might have been one of the greatest film musicals of all time . and while audrey hepburn gamely gives it her all , andrew 's had clearly made eliza doolittle her own , and she would have been uncomparable on film , and raised the level of the entire movie . well , the rest is history , andrews went on to be one of the biggest movie stars of the 60's . still , probably the best example of a play being adapted into a musical . as george bernard shaw said ( when he finally gave in and saw it during it 's london run ) " i do n't know where shaw ends and lerner and lowe begins . 
music pos 87.txt i love jazzy hip-hop of the early ' 90s and if you do too , this is the album you must listen to ! all the songs are wonderful but there are some of these which are something of supernatural like the famous ( and the most beautiful of the entire cd ! ) " award tour " , " steve birko ( stir it up ) " and " midnight " . enjoy this pearl of real hip-hop ! ! ! 
music pos 732.txt this is an amazing ep - one of boards of canada 's strongest to date . honestly , i did n't enjoy dayvan cowboy that much on campfire headphase , but since it has been recontectualized on trans canada highway , i 'm a huge fan of the song . the new tracks are more like what one would typically expect from boards of canada . warm , fuzzy , mellow , lush analogue synths and plenty of them ! for those who were n't as taken with the newer boc sound on campfire headphase , assuage your fears - this is definitely a return to the traditional sound . that 's not to say though that this is a rehash of old material . one can hear bits and pieces of geogaddi and such , but the overall feel is much closer to music has the right to children . to all boards of canada fans - buy this without hesitation . it does n't matter what you thought of campfire - this is quality . i have one question . the title , trans canada highway , seems to be a fairly obvious reference to kraftwerk 's legendary trans europe express and the album cover seems to point to kraftwerk 's autobahn album cover , but i do n't hear any explicit musical connection . is boards of canada paying a simple titular tribute to kraftwerk , or is there something else buried within ? this calls for repeated listenings 
music pos 94.txt the first time i read this book was at the age of 13. my mother had an old , worn , 1950s copy of the book on our bookshelf , and one day i just decided to give it a try . i think the first 50 pages were a bit of a mystery to me . i remember struggling with the language at the beginning , and having to look up several words in the dictionary . after 100 pages , i had finally " learnt the language , " and managed to at last translate it into my native tongue . i enjoyed it , and over the years i returned to it again and again . now , at the age of 35 , i practically have numerous passages memorized , and reading the book is no longer a culture shock . every word of this novel is an old friend , and i would n't remove a single one from the text . this is the book i turn to when i 'm in the mood to read , but not in the mood to read something new . every time i read it , i am struck by its relevance . i do n't mean the morals or the need to marry well in order to win approval from society ( although i think we still see a little of that to this day ) . i refer to the characters . their personalities and basic code of principals are timeless . i can identify with every single character in this novel . when lizzy and mr. darcy fell in love , their courtship could have taken place anywhere and at any point in time . that is why her novels are so well adapted into modern films . you cannot possibly do wrong by reading this novel 
music pos 70.txt as with her second album , i love " thankful " . kelly clarkson has a beautiful voice and has a lot of talent . i especially like " whats up lonely " , " you thought wrong " , and " just missed the train " . although the whole album is very good . 
music pos 613.txt europe and japan - the final great pop frontiers ! ....last i heard it was austin ? - oh well ! canada shows love too...our favorite neighbors....do ya a favor ! there are some really interesting japanese based labels...search on web and be impressed ! 
music pos 606.txt the opening song " cups " by the salt lake city orchestra was one of the first songs i downloaded on my ipod . it is such a great mix ! i just love it ! oh yeah.. . and the rest of the cds are n't bad either.. . ; - ) 
music pos 315.txt wow what a great cd . i 'm a big music fan of alot of different types of music and i have to say that this is one of the best cds that came out in 2004. you ca n't go wrong with this one . a 
music pos 833.txt listen , did i hear someone say " lack of energy ? " get this album , as my lovely wife did for me last christmas , from amazon , btw , and listen to this lineup : fire & water , mr. big , i 'm a mover , woman , all right now , oh i wept , stealer , walk in my shadow.. . oh , get up off the floor , amigo.. . see , it 's you that 's having a lack of energy.. . i know , this music is like a workout , emotionally , aurally , and in the old pleasure zone too . rodgers & the late great paul kossoff surely knew how to sell a song , did n't they ? perhaps these fellows were near the best , not only at the time , but in any century of rock / blues / git-down-kick in-the-mud blooz music . yowzah 
music pos 959.txt one reviewer remarked that morten veland had & quot ; done it again . &quot ; yup , he shot himself in the foot again , just like he did on tristania 's & quot ; beyond the veil . &quot ; veland has an obvious talent in songwriting and building arrangements , and he definitely has a knack for surrounding himself with quality musicians . his problem is that rather than using his death metal growling for proper effect , where it 's appropriate , he just plasters it everywhere , and again lessens what would otherwise have been an incredible cd . with all of the talent that is present in this band , it would certainly have been better to let them come out of the background a little more . the songs where veland does that ( which are all too few ) , like & quot ; on the wane , & quot ; are easily the cd 's best moments . to the band 's credit , the songs are more varied than on botv , with some of the guitar parts sounding like more traditional heavy metal riffs ( especially at the beginning of the opening track ) . it 's definitely still melodic goth-metal , but shows some new directions for veland , which i find promising . now , if he would just cut back on the growling...say to 50% of the cd...sirenia 's next cd will be a sure winner 
music pos 532.txt i originally purchased this cd at a local store . so many of my friends and family loved it that i ordered 4 more from amazon at a fraction of the cost . it is a superb cd and i recommend it to all . 
music pos 683.txt when a young artist names her first two albums not & quot ; judy&quot ; or & quot ; collins&quot ; but & quot ; a maid of constant sorrow&quot ; and & quot ; golden apples of the sun&quot ; , you know she takes herself seriously.originaly released in 1961. and 1962. their names were all i knew until i saw this cd recently . &quot ; who will buy this ? & quot ; i wondered just to see the only copy snatched right in front of me.the comparisons with first two baez albums are inevitable ( some songs were recorded by both ) althought collins shows much more passion and involment where baez seemingly seduces herself with the beauty of her voice.on these early albums collins is frighteningly devoted keeper of the flame and her repertoire is almost exclusively traditional - which means not only ethereal beauty but also a certain ( to some ears , overpowering ) seriousness , cleverly mellowed by inclusion of joyous & quot ; o daddy be gay&quot ; , a cousin to her & quot ; grandfather&quot ; recorded years later.althought i honestly love these songs and listen only this cd for days , these early albums are today much more significant as seeds of collins later trademarks ( voice will soar much higher in the future , she slipped w.b.yeats into traditional folk collection just to later blossom into first-rate art-pop singer ) and as they were product of their greenwich village times , they may sound a bit dated to some modern ears.but they are still hauntingly beautiful to me , i waited their re-release for too long 
music pos 482.txt few " metal " bands can successfully integrate melody into their music without falling back on the overused " power ballad " . tesla seems to be able to turn it on when needed , and shut it off when unnecessary . this debut from the sacramento quintet is full of enough speed to satisfy any metalhead , yet also contains enough substance to satisfy those who want more from their rock than double kicks and 140 on the metronome . the album starts off with a great rythym section groove , then growing and ripping into ez cum ez go , a song that takes the listener up and down more often than a valencia theme park ride . comin ' atcha live seems destined to be the song that the band opens their live shows with , falling back into the rif-filled melodic offering of " getting better " . then the pace swells again into " too late for love " , and thunders into the anthemic fist-pumping " rock me to the top " . " we 're no good together " may start like the dreaded power ballad as jeff keith laments about the proverbial one that got away , but screams to a conclusion through a profusion of lightning fast ( pun intended ) guitar solos . " modern day cowboy " is the token political anti-war statement , slows down a bit for " changes " but up next is one of their fans ' favorites . " little suzi " begins with a tasty acoustic piece , and progresses into the culmination of the bands ' melodic songwriting talents as they chronical the ups and downs ( pun intended ) of a young starlet discovering the high costs of fame . i 'm a little surprised at the way the album closes , though . after the huge highs through the middle of the album , the final three cuts are somewhat disappointing to me . do n't get me wrong , they 're still decent , but i would have liked these three shifted to the middle of the album and slid the rest towards the end - " little suzi " would have been a great way to end the album . overall , even though the band did a lot of great stuff ( including their biggest commercial success ) in later albums , this remains their best body of work 
music pos 923.txt chris joss delivers some serious blaxploitation inspired grooves that will wisk you back to the times of bell bottoms , afros and platform shoes ! joss ' " you 've been spiked " is a retrospective piece of marvellously produced tracks that pays true homage to an era that gave us some of the funkiest music ever ! in fact , this music sounds so authentic you would think they came straight out of the 70's ...but it 's all circa the 21st century . it 's good to know that there are still modern cats ( especially on the esl record label ) who know how to recapture music from days gone by . 
music pos 158.txt neil young 's latest release has some very clever and interesting songs . they are very political so unless you are a completest who likes neil young , if you agree with president bush , this album will be a turn-off . for the politically neutral or those who agree with neil young this is a good album . maybe this is not neil young 's best but it still is a good album 
music pos 496.txt not as epically gorgeous as ' once upon a time in america ' , but still lovely . there 's a south american influence that lends a very fresh sound to the entire soundtrack . my favourite track is an ave maria- -in guarani . haunting . however , " gabriel 's oboe " is the theme that makes this score . being an oboist , it of course holds a particular appeal to me- -and the oboe performing the theme is really something to be aspired to 
music pos 777.txt i do not own this cd , but i recently saw the doctor at a local jazz club and was blown away . he had a good sense of humor and was very worldly . he would ascend and spiral upwords untill every one in the club 's heart rate had spead up 100 notches.. . and boom.. . he was back to being relaxed old lonnie . at the break i met him , and got an autograph . he was very insightful musical and with spoken words.i would reccomend seeing him live , aswell as buying his album 
music pos 163.txt okay , take everything that you know about john squire . strip away the amazing stone roses first album , the not so amazing follow up , the nice brit pop of his work with the seahorses and picture this as a solo album from a new artist and i honestly think that peoples thoughts on this album would change drastically . they would realize that every track on it is a winner and that the guitar work is amazing and beautiful , the vocals might be grating at first ( think robert forster ( the go-betweens ) circa before hollywood ) but that upon repeated listens grows on you and you eventually end up loving . what you expect going into an album has alot to do with how much you like or dislike it and this album is no exception . people should listen to it for what it is and not for what john squire was...john squire is an established song writer who has moved beyond what he used to do ( who has n't moved on in 13 years ? minus robert smith of course ! ) and now writes beautiful pop songs...john squire has grown up just like his original audience has and this solo album is the perfect proof of that 
music pos 538.txt if you like the beach boys and appreciate the technical quality behind telarc recordings , then this disc is a must have in your collection . first , papa doo run run does an excellent job covering beach boys tunes to the point where some people ca n't tell the difference , but you can still hear the uniqueness they bring to it . second , you 'll feel like your hearing parts of the music you 've never heard before because there is so much more foundation and clarity to the recording . you can hear each instrument clearly . the beginning of & quot ; i get around&quot ; is almost explosive , they way the original recording should have been . telarc and papa doo run run have made a special album here . when i feel like listening to the beach boys , i usually grab this cd first 
music pos 858.txt forget the nit-picky comments you may read here , if you are a fan of any of the artists on this album , buy it ! the recording is of very high quality , and i agree with another review , vacuum tube amplification makes the vocals even better . the banter between the artists in between the musical numbers is a real treat for fans too young to experience these shows live . one other observation , if you buy this not having a huge appreciation for sammy already , you will be blown away by his talent . ..thanks to sinatra family for releasing this disc . hopefully many more are forthcoming 
music pos 474.txt stiff upper lip is a good ac / dc album , it 's not a great ac / dc album . it kills me when people say that ac / dc have sounded the same since 1973 on every album they have done . nothing could be further from the truth . i have always thought that each ac / dc album has a sound and a feel and a story in it 's own and that a track off each album would be totally out of place on another album . for instance , can you image shake a leg on stiff upper lip ? or ballbreaker on back in black ? it does n't work . stiff upper lip has its own kind of rough , bluesy feel to it . brian 's voice sounds different , the tones and the guitars sound different . it 's good but not great . the standouts.. . 1. stiff upper lip - pretty rocking song . has a good attitude . it 's fun . 2. hold me back and ca n't stand still . very odd rolling songs . they sound a lot alike . again , these songs could never have been on back in black . i have heard that brian sang ca n't stand still in one take , that 's why they all clap at the end . i do n't know if that 's true , but it 's an interesting song . 3. satellite blues - this one is an instant classic . i love this song . this song could have been done back in the days of back in black and if it were on that album i think it would be as popular as you shook me all night long . everything else is ho hum . not good , not bad . better than most bands out there . i am really hoping ac / dc put out a killer album with their new release , whenever that is . i hope they do n't turn into the new g&r and suffer from the chinese democracy syndrome 
music pos 347.txt if you 're a strummer fan who is an historical completist then you 'll want this disc . also , there are some really good tunes on here for anyone , particularly joe 's " keys to your heart " . some of the live material here is high quality and some is not . this is likely not a cd you will listen to over and over again as you would artists who are fresh . but , i 'm just glad this finally appeared on disc as i 've always wanted to hear it and as a joe fanatic , i had to have it . there 's moments here that sound like a rough draft of js and the mescaleros , but also moments of pure rock ' n roll circa mid 70 's with some great guitar solos . if joe had not been where uk punk started after this band there 's no telling what he would have done but you can be sure he 'd have kept playing in a band . i 'm a huge clash and strummer fan , but i rate this 4 stars more for its historical significance than for the actual quality and uniqueness of the content 
music pos 870.txt good cd , but where is his recent hit & quot ; i wanna feel that way again&quot ; and his classic hit & quot ; walkin ' to jeruselum&quot ; 
music pos 204.txt try to name some of the greatest debut rock albums . let me give you one ground rule though : it has to be from a band that put out at least five albums ( so no stone roses , sugar , verve or jane 's addiction , e.g. ) . here are some of mine , off the top of my head : led zeppelin i , in the court of the crimson king , days of future passed , the doors , boy ( u2 ) , c.s.n. , ca n't buy a thrill ( steely dan ) , ten ( pearl jam ) , murmur ( rem ) . i 'm sure there are a number of others that i 'm forgetting . oh yeah , one more : the incredible " ferment , " by catherine wheel . the harmonies and swirling lush guitar sounds created by rob dickinson and brian futter , the compelling rhythms generated by dave hawes ( bass ) and neil sims ( percussion ) , it just all works , and is comparable in every way to the extraordinary " nowhere " by ride ( not quite as great as " loveless " by my bloody valentine ) . unfortunately , c.w. never quite matched the power of " ferment " with their subsequent releases . the best song on the album is " black metallic " ( " it 's the color of her skin / her skin is black metallic " ) which soars up to the sky , floats in the wind , lands , and soars again . clearly , " black metallic " clocks in as the band 's " stairway to heaven . " the second best song on " ferment " is . . . well that 's where it gets tricky , and demostrates how great this album is . there are no weak or even average songs , and i could see where anyone of the others can be considered as a runner up to " black metallic . " put a gun to my head and i would have to go with " shallow " or maybe " tumbledown " or perhaps , if i 'm in a more pop oriented mood , the danceable " i want to touch you . " although , last night , as i was listening to the album in preparation for this review , i thought of how strongly it closes with the trio " " bill and ben , " " salt " and the uplifting " balloon " ( " ba-ba-ba-ba-balloon " ) . a wonderful album . perhaps not in my top ten , but definitely in my top twenty ( tied with the aforementioned " nowhere " ) 
music pos 243.txt this is the album that all kenny g fans have been waiting for ! ! ! it was well worth the wait too . not only is kenny g at the top of his game but the vocalists are great ! the entire group of artists is so eclectic . thank you kenny g ! ! 
music pos 948.txt unbelievably and indubitably a bona fide , and fortified roots reggae album ! if you do n't have firehouse rock in your cd collection and you consider yourself a reggae fan , you may need to re-evaluate what you think you know about jamaican music . the roots radics , especially the rythym section , utilize ( with supreme efficacy , i might add ) and epitomize the manipulation of space and time so often associated with reggae " riddims . " on top of the radics , the wailing souls add ethereal vocals , while staying masterfully conscious . firehouse rock is a beautifully recorded piece of audible jamaican history and an absolute must have 
music pos 902.txt the bloodshot gang knows how to have a good time ! if you 're into the whole alt.country thing , you know that some of it is very sincere and serious ( ie , uncle tupelo , jayhawks ) . now i love " no depression , " and " blue earth , " but this is an altogether different quadrant of alternative country known as militant honky tonk , or just insurgent country . truth be told , this incredible anniversary compilation does have some poignant , serious numbers ( rico bell 's " money to burn , " the texas rubies ' " blue diamond mine , " mike ireland 's " i 'd like to " ) , but for the most part these maniacs are not taking themselves or the world that seriously . you 've got andre williams and sally timms singing " i 'll stick to you like glue.. . " , in mock romantic seriousness with background singers going " g-l-e-u , glue ! " you 've got a song with a man and a woman serenading each other saying with deep country feeling how much they miss each other 's bodies . you 've got kim docter and moonshine willy belting out " turn the lights down low , " which really ought to be a hit it 's so catchy . and you 've got some great deadpan covers - - the waco brothers do a country rave-up of the who 's baba o'riley , " red star belgrade does it to ac / dc 's " highway to hell , " and best of all , the unholy trio turns public enemy 's " bring the noise " into an understated redneck anthem . i 'm only scratching the surface here , with 40 tracks over 2 discs . this is a great introduction to the rowdier side of that sprawling beast that has not a name that can be agreed on.. . and do n't miss the fantastic earlier bloodshot compilation , hell-bent ( insurgent country , volume ii ) - - see my 9 / 5 / 04 review 
music pos 376.txt great compilation of songs from massive attack , all of their singles plus new never release songs . the videos are great and their new single ' live with me ' is a great song ( very sad video though ) . includes new version / remix of ' i want you ' with madonna . the combo is great you can own all of the videos , is a lot of fun to see the videos from blue lines until 100th window from the 90s all the way to the new single , the changes in the way they used to make music videos . there 's even the first video with tricky ) . a must have for any massive attach fan , and if you never heard from this band , you get the best of the best with this cds / dvd . massive attack is a band that had influenced a lot of artist from bjork , tricky , madonna , morcheeba , portishead , unkle , etc. 
music pos 999.txt his playing on this album reminds me of that of bill evans . i am glad to see on reading all the reviews that someone else had that exact thought . comparison to bill evans is the best compliment i know how to give 
music pos 303.txt this guy is going to become big someday . i agree with this reviewer : " the songs on " seven swans " , with a folksy bucholic feeling that runs through most of them , tell of spiritual tales . they tell of love that transcends the body and age . sufjan can appeal equally to the christian person as to the one who practices zen buddhism . and that is something few songwriters can accomplish . keep an eye on sufjan for years to come . " i have fun tooling around with " to be alone with you " on the guitar , such a simple but infectious melody . " seven swans " is not over orchestrated like " michigan " and " illinois " seem to be . good song to ok song ratio is about 85 percent on this one and about 45-50 percent on the the aforementioned cd's . " seven swans " is a great way to get introduced to the subtle musical power and overall genius of sufjan . sufjan has all his own style and is not afraid to tell us who he is . very creative...he truly forges his own musical path . cannot wait for his cd called " wisconsin . " 
music pos 783.txt i had this album for many years when i was younger . i had looked for along time to try and find it on cd with no luck . i finally found it on amazon . this is my favorite christmas album , i even have my teenage daughter hooked on it now . the caroling medely is awesome and my daugher loves the pinecones and hollyberries song . no one should be without this cd in their christmas collection . 
music pos 181.txt jodeci 's forever my lady has a problem that most nineties r&b releases had at that time , if the fast songs were tight then the slow songs suck and vice versa . jodeci 's first cd had some of the finest slow songs to come off of one cd in 1991. stay , forever my lady , come & talk to me , u&i , and i 'm still waiting rank with the best but every single fast is hot trash 
music pos 351.txt this is quite a sharp turn from francine 's previous album ( 40 on a fall day ) ... whereas the last album was closer sonically to frontman clayton scoble 's work in poundcake , this time around it 's quieter , subtler , sweeter and sadder . make no mistake , this is a break-up album . even those songs that make no mention of breaking up leave you with that cold , lonely , hug-craving feeling only the best break-up albums can . the mood will draw you in and keep you listening , but after a few listens it 's the songs you 'll fall in love with . ahh , the songs . they 're densely packed with chord changes , odd but appealing lyrics , and unexpected instrumentation . they 're hooky without being obvious ( a francine specialty ) . this was my favourite album of 2003 , and i still listen to it pretty often these days . best tracks : this sunday 's revival , silver plated 606 , novelty , 13 years . best lyric : " read a year old mail / now you should 've told me / i 've been repeating myself / only far less convincingly 
music pos 712.txt this is what i grew up with on the radio , and listened to at the dance halls . this is not some sissy nashville sound . 
music pos 415.txt too many people are overwhelmed with the more modern christmas songs out there today and are unaware of the wonderful music available on cds like this . john rutter proves his brilliance in arranging and conducting . the music overwhelms the senses and the joy of christmas overcomes you as you listen . this is one of the most peaceful christmas cds i have ever heard . " wassail song " is incredible , and if you are ever in a small vocal ensemble , this song is a must to perform . you will not be disappointed when you purchase this cd 
music pos 805.txt anybody know the name of the song played at the very end of the movie , when the brother and the sister are saying goodbye to each other , when she is crying and asking him what he is going to do with his life ? right before he enters the bus.. . i would love to listen to it again but i ca n't find it anywhere. . 
music pos 292.txt i 'm a fan of three 6 mafia , and i can say maybe they kinda got a little of three 6 's rap style in this album , but i dunno . dj paul and juicy j , the superproducers , they can never be beaten . i got all the hypnotize minds albums and they did invent crunk music . many people have n't heard of them cuz besides ridin ' spinners and chickenhead they have n't been played on the radio very much except for their new track " poppin ' my collar . " crime mob 's alright . the beats are alright , but nothing compared to three 6 mafia . some of them are some krunk songs , i can get hyped to a few of them . but other than that i dunno . the lyrics are rather simple , i 'm an 18 year old white dude and i think i can put together some better bars than these dudes can . but they do get some major play up here in virginia . stilletos and knuck if you buck have n't gotten some airtime . but there 's only like 4 songs total that are worth hearing . i guess we 'll see if they put out another album or not . i think if they had some other fellas from georgia like t.i. or jeezy or something they might get some more hype . who knows , since paul wall 's on every song now maybe he 'll make a cameo . i guess we 'll see . three 6 mafia still the buckest and besides their new artist chrome , who really is garbage , they are still the kings of crunk , not lil ' john 
music pos 551.txt ace rolls out its second volume of early girl and girl-led group sounds . this time , there are six tunes that did not make it into the top 100 and that may seem to be a bit of a letdown in content but when looking at the overall repertoire , this series still beats just about anything else of the genre out there . with enough ( ten ) top-10 songs to keep the music familiar , there are lots of seldom-found sides making the listening much more interesting and not sounding like every other oldies comp . between such monster hits as lesley gore 's pre-womens ' rights anthem & quot ; you do n't own me&quot ; , the exciters go-and-get-him & quot ; tell him&quot ; and kathy young 's barely pubescent & quot ; a thousand stars&quot ; are cradled such rarities as the secrets ' & quot ; the boy next door&quot ; ( a madara-white , of & quot ; you do n't own me&quot ; and other gore tunes fame , composition ) , april stevens ' & quot ; teach me tiger&quot ; ( later with brother nino tempo striking it big with & quot ; deep purple&quot ; ) and timi yuro 's ( of & quot ; hurt&quot ; fame ) & quot ; what 's a matter baby&quot ; . in this volume three of the tracks are acknowledged as having been lifted from disc but only track 10 is of substandard sound quality even so . many of the tracks ( 2 , 3 , 6 , 8 , 12-15 , 17 , 23 , 25 , 28 ) appear in stereo , the remainder in mono . the 16-page booklet accompaning the disc provides pages of fascinating backround to the artists represented . ace again hits the mark with this new compilation 
music pos 344.txt it is good for old eric gale fans to be able to purchase this cd . it will bring back many memories . it will also remind you of how great a guitar player he was . i am grateful that i 've had a chance to own many recordings that he has played on . pay close attention to she is my lady and morning glory . this is a must have cd . jaye price beltsville , md . 
music pos 815.txt superior to the first steppenwolf album in many ways , and including a song that tops even ' born to be wild ' itself , ' magic carpet ride ' , is as essential as the group 's first album , even to the casual rock fan . it opens with ' faster than the speed of life ' , a perfect blend of steppenwolfish hard rock & airplanesque psychedelic rock ( like ' she has funny cars ' ) . ' tighten up your wing ' is an upbeat , bluesy track , that bounces well along , before being replaced with ' none of your doing ' , a steppenwolf-classic , that shifts gear between verse & chorus . ' spiritual fantasy ' is one of the strangest creations on the album , strangely touching , though appaling at first . but given a second chance , it comes across as one of the best tracks on the album . the marihuana-anthem ' do n't step on the grass , sam ' is pure heavy steppenwolf , a timeless classic , that crunches slowly , but steadily along . ' 28 ' is a great rock song with just a hint of psychedelia in the melody . a neat little rocker that is followed by the ultimate psychedelic dance track . ' magic carpet ride ' is simply steppenwolf 's best song ever , a fantastic blend of rhytm , melody & vision , that is worth the price of all steppenwolf 's classic albums on its own . it was also the only of their singles to almost replicate ' born to be wild 's us #2 placing , when it shot to #3 on the us chart . ' disappointment number ' is almost that , but then not again . it is an odd ode to / parody of old blues , complete with bird sounds in the background , as if it 's an old blues singer sitting out in the open . ' lost and found by trial and error ' has a great tune , and rocks away well , as does ' hodge , podge , strained through a leslie ' and ' resurrection' . both employ the classic steppenwolf sound in a great rocking way , to become , if not classics , then at least steppenwolf-standards . the album closes with ' reflections ' a weird song , that seems like somebody trying to be visionary , before you realize that that is just what he is . just in a very peculiar way . the album has some , if not weak , then not too powerful spots , but generally it is a more than worthy follow-up to the first steppenwolf album , with a great blend of the band 's traditional hard rock and a form of psychedelia that suits them perfectly . even the least interesting tracks rock nicely , & no-one should have anything to complain about here. . 
music pos 590.txt this mix starts off heavy , and never lets up , with the quirky , yet hard hitting vocal track grace ( anxiety ) by troy pierce ( as louderbach ) starting things off in a very energetic way . this track worked well in sascha funke 's boogy bytes 2 mix , but it was deep into the mix . i feel it 's even more effective starting a mix off . things quickly lighten up with the bloopy claude vonstroke next , and then it 's into the m.a.n.d.y. remix of tiefschwarz 's excellent track damage , featuring tracey thorn of everything but the girl on vocals . two solid tech house tracks follow , especially touane 's snappy track bassic , and it 's right into the gritty , churning , techno sound of thomas schumacher 's incredible track rotor . the mix then hits a very slight snag in track 7 , which i feel is one of only two so-so parts of the mix . it 's not bad , it 's just a little too light and bubbly tech house for my liking . it 's quickly forgotten as the mix races through with 4 solid tracks in a row , and right after the melodic freefall , it 's into tiefschwarz 's own remix of a depeche mode track . this is the only other slight miss in the mix for me , as i feel the track was a tad too long at nearly 7 minutes , and could have been trimmed to better fit the flow of the mix . another solid melodic track is next , and we end with the dubbed out vocals of kate wax . overall , it 's an exciting tech house mix that 's a full lineup of solid tracks , with not a bad one in sight , and very few dips in the scorching pace of one , very sound , top to bottom mix . do not miss picking this one up , as it 's easily in the top 5 techno / tech house mixes this year 
music pos 340.txt i wo n't say to everybody this greatest hits is highly recommended . being that i never heard all of her albums , so a true fan may feel like some songs is missin' . however for me , who is just really startin to seriously get into pop is somewhat satisfied with these and this is a 5 star collection to me . some of the tracks i love , a couple i do n't like at all and the rest i just like . my favorite ones are in order ; erotica ray of light beautiful stranger the power of goodbye deeper and deeper the prodution is excellent and i love the vocals . if your new to madonna , my opinion would be to start here . but a true fan can give me lessons . 
music pos 339.txt this album is by far on the greatest recent live recordings . sheryl crow demonstrates her influence and talent by putting on an all star show with some of the biggest names in music history . sheryl shines on her own , singing some of her great hits , but it 's the duets that really make the album . my least favorite has to be the dixie chicks just because i ca n't appreciate the country flare they bring to " strong enough " but it 's still a great version . chrissie hynde , one of the album 's highlights , brings intense attitude to " if it makes you happy " , still one of my favorite sheryl songs . stevie nicks remains stevie nicks , giving more than enough emotion and flare to her own " gold dust woman . " sarah mclachlan 's usually soft voice comes out strong on " the difficult kind " and compliments sheryl 's quite nicely . my favorite rendition has to be eric clapton and sheryl together on cream 's " white room " , the rock-out moment on the album . the show is complete when all the guests return to belt out bob dylan 's " tombstone blues " and close the show with a definite bang 
music pos 571.txt vet producer don was is aboard for this one and he pushes the ladies to write some of their most mature material , relying on their trademark humour as a flavoring rather than a sole ingredient . the result is that even the radio tailored material is better than on " stunt " . best tracks here are : lovers sparring in " too little too late " , twangy " go home " ( possibly the only time you 'll hear a country tune with glockenspiel . parental warning : this is one you 'll want to skip if young ears are in the car because of a gratuitous f-bomb at the coda. . ) , the tale of a co-worker dalliance in " conventioneers " that ends with them feeling awkward about it ( " so i wait , come in late , it 'd be great if you transferred out of state " ) , the cheater finally caught in " humour of the situation " ( " have you heard the one about the boy who moved into the henhouse to sleep ? he woke up with egg on his face , when he found that all the hens had crossed the street " ) and the ethereal " tonight is the night i fell asleep at the wheel " , which utilizes an almost disneyish melody in its tale of a man in a traffic accident who , disembodied , surveys his own demise ( " in all the confusion , there 's something serene , i 'm just a posthumous part of the scene " ) . the least interesting tracks are " off the hook " , another cheater gets him comeuppance tune and " baby seat " , a gentle nudge to accept responsibility instead of wanting others to look after you . bottom line : while not as consistently fabulous as " gordon " , this one hits on all cylinders more than it misses and it utilizes more of the band 's talents by allowing more lead vocals from ed robertson ( " pinch me " , " falling for the first time " ) , as well as kevin 's first on the hidden track " hidden sun " . you also hear the ladies do things they have n't before : steven 's flute on " tonight 's the night i fell asleep at the wheel " , tyler 's 808 drums for " off the hook " , and a dash of retro courtesy of ed 's wah-wah pedal on " conventioneers " and kevin 's vocoder on " humour of the situation " 
music pos 423.txt i am 62 years old , and seen them all . i have never seen anyone as visually and emotionally stunning as beth hart at the paradiso ! simply the most powerful stage performance i have ever witnessed ! she takes every single song to an epic level of entertainment , and just plain never coasts through a song . some of the spectators in attendance looked almost scared by what they were seeing , and most were mesmerized by her on-stage and off stage sexually potent antics ! she has been compared to janis . i saw janis twice , and beth hart would bury janis in any category ! i ca n't imagine how she can possibly maintain a level like that captured at the paradiso for very long- -it just does n't seem humanly possible ! i am so glad someone was there with so highly skilled a video crew to capture one of the most shattering evenings of music ever . magnificent in its fury ! 
music pos 270.txt if you do not yet own dark side of the moon , wish you were here and the wall , do not even consider purchasing a momentary lapse of reason . amlor is junk by comparison . that said , very few rock albums ever made can hang with those three , and amlor certainly has its bright spots . " learning to fly " and " on the turning away " are as good as anything pink floyd has ever produced . some of the other songs are adequate , but this album does not contain the front-to-back brillance of the earlier floyd releases . it 's definitely worth having , but make sure that you have the others first . 
music pos 305.txt i inhaled this cd . after all the hype and hyper blowin ' up about this dance / punk / rock genius , i finally broke down and bought it . not that i was old enough to get into the discos in the mid 70's -early / mid 80 's ( i was still in elementary school , then middle school ) , but i remember ( and still love ) the groups that influenced this disc...the buzzcocks , heaven 17 , pil , blondie...hell even the rolling stones " some girls " album . and yes , i have to say ( after finding " death disco-songs under the dance floor 1978-1984 " cd and i 'm ordering it ) the old stuff is more fun . but for the hipsters who do n't know this is not original genre , it 's pretty great . no , it 's very great . the first song " daft punk is playing at my house " was fun , and both discs made it worth driving through snowy / sleety / frozen rain covered streets to work out at the gym these last couple weeks 
music pos 309.txt rock n ' roll history has many example of band / artists unlucky , that did n't get the recognition they deserve . here 's one . what is big star about ? a rock n ' roll , slightly psychodelic , most influenced by beatles and the byrds . the first record ( #1 record - 1972 ) is the battle of two frontman putting one classic pop-rock tune after another . chilton gets the most rock stuff , chris the ballads , and also a contribution from hummel , the hippy " india song " . best moments : in the streets , thirteen , india song , when my baby 's beside me , my life is right . the second album - radio city - 1973. chris left the band , claiming that chilton was getting too much control of everything . for this record , hummel contributes more , the band goes torward some stuff slightly different , like the soul intended o my soul ( maybe a reflection of the record label atmosphere . chilton here also takes full control of the musical direction , the albm sounds not better or worse , but less laboured , sounding in some tracks , more like a rehearsal , with a great garage feeling . stevens goes great on drums , specally on back of a car . best tracks : way out west , life is white ( although the harmonica annoys me a little ) , mod lang ( very bowie mood ) , back of a car , september gurls . at a glance , big star reminds me backing home from school , playing my guitar , calling my girlfriend on the phone and waiting for the weekend to go to the beach . a feeling of youthness that does n't come back , just like those special moments in a band 's career that later , they ca n't catch anymore , no matter how hard they try . for big star , no differ , they would never do anything like these two records . and sadly after bell 's death , chances are zero to none . why did n't they succeeded . well , ego stuff , lack of stax knowledge to deal with rock n ' roll bands , and the dicotomy that was ruling the rock n ' roll scene at the time : hard rock versus progressive rock . and what about big star ? neither hard rock , nor progressive . but , despite all that rubish , big star is pure rock n'roll , guitar band , 70 's style , recognizable in many current bands recording all over the world . big star is eternal . 
music pos 880.txt another hot release , top 5 in 2005 so far . no one even metions track 7 produced by one and only el-producto and track 8 by belief . hot cd recommend to those who do n't listin to bull 
music pos 852.txt i like this album . its got a nice mix of old and new material . along with some live material . great to see pe still at it in this ever changing rap game 
music pos 338.txt but a good debut album . this is when i felt proud knowin ja was from ny . no radio friendly s*** here just street for the most part . but i guess when you were never really gangsta in the first place you ca n't keep talkin about it , which is why i guess he changed his style . now the subject i wanna hit . has anyone noticed that guy named progressive ? why does amazon allow goofs who hate hip hop trash our culture ? and everytime i turn around its some damn rocker / junkie hippie . last time i checked rhythm and melody was part of music . i dont hear none of those when i through on heavy metal or rock . i 'm tired of our music bein trashed . you know what im a go trash one of they " artist " right now 
music pos 37.txt these guys and this album rocks . just because the songs force you to move other parts of your body beside your head , does n't ' demote ' it to pop . props to the great use of two bass guitars . released amid the misery / grunge rock explosion of the early 90 's , this was a great escape into rock that just simply made you feel good again . this album is highly recommended . kill your television , grey cell green , cut up , throwing things , happy , and until you find out are just an awesome experience . if you can find the grey cell green single release , i highly recommend that for the track entitled ' trust . ' 
music pos 619.txt throb was my introduction to jazz back in ' 69 or ' 70. i have listened to it all of these years on lp then cd , and it never lost its charm . steve swallow was just as nutty then as he is now , " chickens " is my favorite cut . the play between electric violinist richard greene and guitarist jerry hahn is a thing of beauty . hahn is still a player who can put just the right note in just the right place ( like that other countrified genius of jazz bill frisell ) , he can fuzz and wah-wah then tinkle the strings just right to make his musical point . one interesting thing is the organ playing by burton on throb , besides his vibes . the jarrett-burton album also has hahn and swallow , and drummer bill goodwin - -it is very much an album that shows all the new ideas sprouting in music . fortunately , the ideas of that time did not die out , but have continued to grow , making room for all sorts of fusions in jazz , many of which have been remarkable to experience . these two-lps-in-one is like having a superstar album before they became superstars . as i said before , i still play this cd after almost 35 years , and i still get a kick out of it , and still find things that amaze me 
music pos 29.txt this cd is a confusing mix of punk bands , from pop-punk 's sum 41 & amp ; good charlotte to punk favorites alkaline trio , vandetta red , & amp ; the casualties to bands that i 've never even heard of such as unsung zeros , ozma , & amp ; destruction made simple . i reccomend this cd if you 're looking for new bands to like & amp ; listen to . although it 's a confusing cd , it gives you new ideas of just how deep you 're going to go in the punk underground 
music pos 24.txt i rarely write reviews of music but feel that i must share my impressions of this cd . i have long heard some of my favorite singers praise the songwriting prowess of townes but somehow never got around to buying one of his records . i finally picked this one up because it had two songs that were covered by two of my favorite singers- -lyle lovett - " lungs " ( among others ) and steve earle - " tecumseh valley " . i was blown away by the sheer beauty and poetry of every song on this recording . other reviewers seem to be comparing this to other townes ' records . i come from a different angle . as someone who has long heard townes sopken of with the highest praise , i can say this disk does not disappoint and will influence me to fill out my collection of his recordings . i will also say that i am deeply frustrated that i never took advantage of the chance to see townes perform while he was alive . 
music pos 259.txt yes , there may be some small issues with the sound quality , but you get used to it , and wilhelm kempff is definitely one of the great pianists of the 20th century , so it is worth it . these are incredible performances that are often justly called definitive . kempff seems to always bring out every theme of every work and magnifies its emotional intensity , whereas other pianists would not have nearly as much attention to detail and neglect many subtle themes . highly recommended 
music pos 649.txt mountain music offers what alabama is famous for , great music and great harmony all packaged together . the title cut is great , that harmonica and & quot ; old man of the mountain&quot ; intro is unique . as for & quot ; close enough to perfect&quot ; if any man sings that song to his lady , she is his forever . the cuteness of & quot ; never be one&quot ; also reminds us of the sadness that our children grow up so fast we hardly know it . there is n't a bad song on the whole cd and will make a good addition to any collection 
music pos 627.txt my personal favorite dashboard cd . every other one of their cds have maybe a few good songs that i like , but the places you have come to fear the most has pretty much a solid tack lis 
music pos 674.txt my first monk album was monk 's dream from columbia . i loved that album 15 years ago and had been searching for the same satisfaction from the multitude of monk recordings from the blue note years , presitge , and riverside . what monk 's dream offered that the prior work lacked , was production . raw , edgy , spontaneous ...yes all those recordings offered that . but i longed for that sense of confidence , tightness and richness of sound monk 's deream provided . i found that in this set which makes sense since monk 's dream came out of these sessions at columbia . so what if these are reworks of the old stuff...they sound just as new and gripping & quot ; produced&quot ; as they did in their earlier days without big money helping out . will i throw out my older stuff and just play this ? no chance..there is a time for polish and a time for purity 
music pos 608.txt i saw her perform most of these songs on austin city limits . i must admit i had n't paid much attention to her since her debut album , back when i was playing in country bands . much of this material is kinda introspective , but hey , on the plus side you get great vocals , well crafted songs , tons of sincerity and just flat out integrity from this great artist who does n't have to pretend she is anything she isn't . and these days , that is pretty refreshing ! i think i am becoming a fan 
music pos 588.txt i recently decided to go through some of my old cds that i have n't listened toin ages . dj cheb i sabbah 's maha maya : shri durga remixed&quot ; was one of those cds that i came upon . this was my first exposure to indian music , let alone world music . i was n't really familiar with music outside of western culture . so this was a new experience for me . listening to & quot ; maha maya&quot ; shri durga remixed&quot ; certainly takes the listener on a trip to india with its traditional indian melodies . i envisioned myself in the taj mahal and watching a slew of belly dancers performing . the music took me awhile for the melodies to grow on me . it is certainly by no means your traditional dance remix album . i however dug transglobal underground 's version of & quot ; kese kese&quot ; ( where 's the sarangi mix&quot ; right from the get go . it has a nice beat . dj cheb i sabbah did a good job at mixing and making sure that the music flowed well together . i am definitely curious to hear dj cheb 's other cds now that i have re-discovered this little gem of a cd 
music pos 281.txt i received " aerial " last december , and it still amazes me . the music soars and sweeps , carrying the listener along on its wings . it is a work of genius , and those who are long-time kate bush fans will find that it was well worth waiting twelve years for this masterpiece to arrive ! this two-disc set offers the listener two different experiences , in my opinion . the first disc , " a sea of honey " is comprised of sort of stand alone pieces , first of which is " king of the mountain , " probably the most " commercially appealing " song on the album . " king of the mountain " sucks the listener in with deep , murky tones and kate 's voice easing into the song softly , building in intensity as the song progresses . " king of the mountain " is followed by songs like " pi " ( who else but kate bush could make the derivation of pi sound so sexy ? ) and " bertie , " a lovely elizabethan paean to her young son . then there are emotionally raw songs like " mrs. bartolozzi " and " a coral room , " the latter of which is about kate 's late mother . the reclusive ms. bush teases the listener about the struggle for anonymity in " how to be invisible , " and sings in reference to joan of arc in " joanni . " after being captivated by songs about famous people , and more down-to-earth personal struggles / triumphs , the listener comes to the second disc , titled " a sky of honey . " this is , in my opinion , the pice de rsistance of " aerial . " this disc is a continuous journey of sound , taking the listener on an amazing voyage punctuated by- -among other things- -the sounds of birds , the sound of her child 's voice , and kate bush 's silky voice singing in italian . the disc is almost indescribably beautiful , in my opinion . i love the way " a sky of honey " takes me out of myself when i hear it . i feel like i am flying at points ; becoming one with the soaring birds . my personal favorite on " a sky of honey " is " nocturn , " a surreal nighttime romp on the beach , accompanied by thumping bass and showcasing the pure magic of kate bush 's voice . the disc 's final ( and title ) track " aerial " is a forceful climax to the sonic journey , and ends with bush singing : " i want to be up on the roof i 've gotta be up on the roof up , up high on the roof up , up on the roof in the sun " it is as though kate bush has reached new heights and has taken the listener along for the trip . what an absolutely magnificent acheievement this disc is ! to kate bush fans , i cannot recommend this album highly enough . true , it was a very long wait for this new cd , but , ms. bush has rewarded her fans duly ; indeed it is almost like she released two separate albums at once with this two-disc triumph ! if you are a kate bush devotee , you will not be disappointed ! and , if you are new to kate bush , " aerial " will be a great introduction to her genius . kate bush is like no other artist i can name . her voice is incredibly versatile ; she can mold it to sound like an angel or a banshee , a temptress or a child . and , so far in her career , it kate bush 's voice gets better with the passing of time . like a fine wine , one can savor it and contemplate its complexities endlessly . " aerial " is well , well worth listening to , and words alone cannot suffice to explain what a work of art it is . 
music neg 241.txt i bought this album because i loved the title song . it 's such a great song , how bad can the rest of the album be , right ? well , the rest of the songs are just filler and are n't worth the money i paid for this . it 's either shameless bubblegum or oversentimentalized depressing tripe . kenny chesney is a popular artist and as a result he is in the cookie cutter category of the nashville music scene . he 's gotta pump out the albums so the record company can keep lining their pockets while the suckers out there keep buying this garbage to perpetuate more garbage coming out of that town . i 'll get down off my soapbox now . but country music really needs to get back to it 's roots and stop this pop nonsense . what country music really is and what it is considered to be by mainstream are two different things . 
music neg 544.txt i was misled and thought i was buying the entire cd and it contains one song 
music neg 204.txt generally harmless , except for one very offensive song about siblings that hate each other and hate their parents . the song is probably funny to ultra-sophisticated , cynical adults . but the song is totally inappropriate for a four year old . i would n't bring this cd into your house 
music neg 981.txt this is by far the worst kmfdm release.. . no esch , no schulz , just sascha and skold messin around with a little pig. . at first listen this album is not bad but once you get used to it , this album is really boring. . dirty , skurk , and preach / pervert are really the only songs worth listening to . i was embarrased to listen to " risen " . it was just lyrically horrible i do n't know what 's wrong with them . now in skold 's defense , he is a badass , his voice is cool and he 's a good writer his solo album is good . but we had him in symbols , adios , mdfmk , and attak it was just a bit much . this album is bland at times good and most times pretty bland . not what you think when you think kmfdm , though urban monkey warfare is still cool.. . whatever i am one guy buty it , if you like awesome , if not sorry. . 
music neg 65.txt i love to hear old standards and such . but i like to hear people who put their own take on it . i ca n't stand to hear cheesy big band arrangements with some frank sinatra wannabe . where are the male versions of nora jones ? tone down the cheese ! we need more people like sophisticated shirley horn and betty carter ( not hams like buble , dusk , or boring singers like diana krall . but what can i expect from the music industry ? rarely do the best song-stylists get lots of attention . so , hmmm , nevermind . i guess it 's always been that way 
music neg 407.txt just like in my other review i ca n't figure out the madness over these guys . i will ask in this post as well for somebody to actually explain to me why they should be heard and are relevant in a creative way . honestly people you ca n't call these guys artists . an artist creates something from a idea or two these guys take those ideas and just lump them together . it 's as simple as that . and to top it of they do n't have the chops as musicians to be relevant in that form either . a comment like " they rock " or " the lead singer is soooo hot " are n't examples of a great artist or band . from the dates of the last post my words might be in vain , kind of like the validity of this record . because there has n't been a post on here for two years . if a fan of banking benjamins does stumble upon this post i invite you to check out my other reviews , and checkout some relevant and great music 
music neg 667.txt i saw this movie ' cause i was interested to see cathy rigby , " who was born to play peter pan " . i hated it a lot . so , now i am in a high school production of peter pan , and i happend to see the mary martin version , and the mary martain cd . i loved it ! then i realized that ' peter pan ' is not a bad musical at all . cathy rigby and the " crew " were making it bad . i have no idea why they think cathy rigby is the greatest thing since sliced bread . do n't believe them . she isn't . she sounded like she was a stuiped little brat that just wanted to rot the rest of his [her] time just sitting in a dark corner carving forks while on the other hand , mary martain sounds all cheerful , fun , and real . i reccomend mary martain 's video and cd . i say no more 
music neg 405.txt their basically what would happen if you took p.o.d 's lyrics , and then added boring 1 chord riffs repeated throughout the whole song followed by the singer screaming the top of his head off about god and self-loathing in a noise-bleed inducing pre-pubescent girl voice , so you have a band so bad it makes god himself want to commit suicide . the song titles are also annoyingly bad , obviously made so they sound artistically genius ( but instead monotonous ) . and to everyone who thinks these guys are metal , they deserve to be buried alive . metal is fear factory , lamb of god , in flames , and arch enemy . these guys are about as metal as maroon 5. 
music neg 723.txt the raising arizona part of the cd is almost exclusively electronic and only one 90 second track of the great banjo that i remember from the movie . i recommend listening to samples before you buy 
music neg 738.txt first of all let me clearly state that im from atlanta and i am a diehard fan of lil scrappy and that is why it breaks my heart to tell you that this cd is garbage . besides money in the bank there are no other standout cuts and it is a shame because the underground mixtape he dropped with dj don cannon early last year was on fire , he and cannon delivered all new tracks and there were all on point , that was of course before 50 's influence which brings us to our problem . the influence of curtis jackson a.k.a 50 cent is very clear on this album . i like 50 but he knows little of the way we make records down south . if the g-unit boss would have just stayed out he way and let scrappy pick and choose his own tracks , verses etc. everything may have been fine . the guy is a control freak and as a result nobody in the " a " is pumping this and it is a shame because when scrappy is on point the boy is unstoppable . this cd is garbage plain and simple and 50 's influence is going to put the the crown prince of the south 's career in serious jerpody unless he quickly wise 's up . this is an honest review from a fan that has been down since day one.i have bought all the mixtapes and everything else he 's dropped but , im telling you if you the consumer buy this cd you will regret it and to scrappy ditch the g unit do what 's in your heart and get back to business . 
music neg 38.txt if any kid music annoys you , this cd is not for you . these are good old classic songs , but almost ruined with strange styles and irrelevant talking to intro the songs . i 'm throwing it away . i want my two-year-old to know the songs i know and love , but this was a bad buy on my part . 
music neg 230.txt i was ( and still am ) a huge fan of " mr. show " . it was the only reason i kept my hbo subscription . it 's hard for me to believe that the same talent that created " mr. show " produced this weak offering . might be the least funny comedy cd i 've ever heard . virtually all the material in the album has been done before , and much better , by other comedians . most of the bits just lay there and die . mr. cross seems to realize this and tries to make up for it by saying f*ck a lot . sorry , it just does n't work . do n't waste you money on this one . get the " mr. show " dvds instead and forget this ever existed . 
music neg 160.txt especially when there 's a pretty girl invovled but this is just dreadful . the songs are so cheesy , her voice is out of place in half the songs . it 's whiny , irritating , dull and at this point , i 'm not sure who 's more talented , her or her sister . they got the looks , sure , but there 's lots of pretty girls in this world , does n't mean they deserve a singing contract just to look hot on the cover of the cd . & that 's the only thing that intrigued me to listening to this album . & i 'm sorry jes , but maybe u really are as brain dead as people say 
music neg 198.txt boo-wop ? haha ok , anyways i bought his through middle-piller distro . and it 's got a couple of o.k. songs on it . the problem is the singing and the overall production . this is definetely a home-recording on computer deal . the vocals are waaaaay weak . what exactly is a " re-worked " debut album ? ? ? i thought once an album was out it was done , set in stone ? apparently not , so mister monster gets to pull a blitzkid ( who changed their first album cover years after it came out ! ) and take the cheezy way out . a definete step up from bands like blitzkid , but still in the cellar of rock n roll . do yourself a favor and buy some good old deathrock from the golden years 
music neg 132.txt i ca n't beleive this guy 's arrogance to try and re-record songs that are essentially and always will be sinatra 's domain . any idiot will tell you that once sinatra got hold of a song it was and always will be identified with him . fact . ask tony bennett or any other great singers and they will tell you . sinatra is the voice and then this upstart thinks he can do better . not only does he murder ' a very good year ' but also attempts ( badly ) ' mr . bojangles ' even attempting to ape sammy davis 's mannerisms . i had the misfortune to hear this once and came to the conclusion that is was a ) a joke or b ) a blantant attempt by williams to crossover to boarder appeal . now i see it actually meant it . robbie you will never be able to sing standards and please do n't attempt the rodgers and hart songbook ( though i suspect you will if your latest album bombs ) your voice is flat most of the time and your attempts to look cool on the cover ca n't cover up your mediocrity . the only time i 'd like to see you swing is from a lamppost . stick with ' songs for swinging lovers''come fly with me ' to hear the real thing . an insult to classic songs 
music neg 113.txt anyone ever see any of these rap " artists " perform live ? they 're the most boring , derivative " entertainers " in the world . they walk up and down the stage grabbing their crotch and yell their lyrics . they go from talking on records to yelling on stage . quite a stretch . all this is done with about thirty of their no-name friends prancing around stage with microphones saying " yeah ! " " uh-huh ! " " what ! " " that 's right ! " " uh ! " etc. get real . meanwhile , the only " music " provided is a backing track cued by some dude backstage . it makes for the most dull , predictable " concert " you 'll ever see . i ca n't wait until all this nonsense just disappears . in a world of common sense , these idiots would still be flipping burgers at mcdonald's . 
music neg 140.txt i 've always seen sheryl crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist . my wife and i got a couple of her disc 's , plus that " very best of " cd and was really looking forward to her latest , but this one...zzzzzzzz , makes me wonder what they 're putting in sheryl 's coffee . some reviewers are saying there 's " heart and soul " all over this album ? that may be , but it 's also very slick dullsville stuff too . as for the album cover graphics , i do n't see the roger dean yes covers or the 60 's style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote , but a very " modern " graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using . kelly clarkson , the vines , the donnas , the list goes on . highlights : good is good ( i guess it 's time for a new " very best of " collection ) 
music neg 628.txt imagine buying this cd after seeing " the mirror has two faces " fully expecting the soundtrack music to the movie , and reading overall great reviews on amazon . imagine the shock of receiving the cd and the surprise of hearing 20 brief cuts of plain instrumental music out of the 24 cuts - the remaining 4 cuts contained very short lines of verse . perhaps barbara , with her tremendous unlimited wealth , felt she would be giving away a " free album " to the masses if the soundtrack contained the vocals in the film . shameless misrepresentation 
music neg 810.txt mindless jock rock masterminded by a dope fiend . this kind of crap could n't even sell a can of coke these days . choreographed crunches of noise as lame as a crackhead on crutches . i hear scott weiland kept a billy goat in his trailer during the making of this snoozer - - and that when recording was all done the goat was nowhere to be found , but scotty was sporting a fresh new goatie 
music neg 468.txt yes yes we all know the mega hit when i see you smile . but it would be unfair to put this album into the one hit wonder basket and instead review it as a whole . the band hits gear pretty early with best of what i got but after that it 's pretty bad . how possession ever became a hit i 've not idea . well , where i come from it did n't , but in the us this mob had a string of soppy power ballad hits . the production is good but the fire goes out for most of the album . neil schon is a great guitarist but it was the late 80 's and the guy obviously knew what he had to do for a decent paycheck . besides , he probably wanted some revenge on steve perry so he really wanted to make some cash . pity , listen to some of the guitar licks here and there is a decent hard rock album in the man . rockin ' horse for example . an interesting additin to the aor landscape , and some of the music is lively . but when the whole thing has as much heft as a lettuce leaf it just does n't get my vote . even my devoted aor fan girlfriend of the time only liked the one track ( we all know which one ) . but hey , if aor is your bag you could do a lot worse 
music neg 440.txt i heard that song recently & quot ; three strange days&quot ; ...and i recalled how much i detested it when it came out . overt pandering to tyros in altered states . now i ca n't get it out of my head , and may require a lobotomy . there was a lot of interesting stuff that came out in ' 91 ; but this was n't part of that canon . nice try school of fish . have fun playing the cyo circuit 
music neg 553.txt i 'm sure glad i did not purchase this cd . back in the 1980 's i had very little knowledge about o'bryan burnnette , but now that i am 22 and appreciate old school music a whole lot more , i know they made several mistakes while releasing this compilation . " soul trains a comin " ( although not a chart hit ) was missing . i would perfer the original version than the 12 inch version used for soul train from seasons 13 - " maria " ( a lackluster lp track from his latest lp , surrender ) should have been replaced with the beautiful " together always " ( from his proper sophmore lp , you & i ) . the horrible and silly " drivin ' force " ( also from surrender ) should have been out ! " lovelite " , " you & i " and " i 'm freaky " lp versions should have been on there instead of the 45 versions because they stood out very well ! ! " is this for real , " right from the start , " and " love has found its way . " were the other great ballads and jams that were non-singles but were gems as well . the absense of " soul trains a comin ' ( original ) " , " together always " , and full versions of " you & i " , " i 'm freaky " , and " lovelite " really knocked off 3 points from best of o'bryan cd and should be made into a redo ! ! for those that wasted thier money on this , " go on and cry " because right stuff records done ripped y'all off ! ! this underated talented artist ( good singer , writer , producer , and instrumentalist ) was trying to be the next prince and michael jackson but he was considered more like a 1980s version of carl thomas ( too soulful for the mainstream ) . people must have bought this cd ( if do not have original lps no more ) because more than half of the tracks are not available on other cds . i admit i love all the songs from the cd ( except for maria and driving force ) , but i will create a new cd under my productions , soul train alumni series along with my own compilations of shalamar , jermaine stewart , pebbles , jody watley and other soul train almumnis . 1. soul trains a comin ' ( original although i love the remix ; loved the keyboard fanfare on the intro ) 2. the gigolo 3. still waters 4. right from the start ( great track and catchy hooks ! ! ) 5. i 'm freaky ( full lp verison , the keyboard solo was missing from the 45 single 4 minute version ) 6. you & i ( full original lp version . loved the closing ) 7. together always ( o showed his true feelings on this 1983 track ) 8. lovelite ( full original lp version - lovelite baby ! ! ) 9. breakin ' together ( good effort and loved the video ! ! ) 10. go on & cry ( good ballad ) 11. lady i love you ( what ever happened to lovin ' your woman and tellin ' her how you feel . this was his best ballad ever and this should school young catz like bobby valentino and r kelly on real love . ) 12. you 're always on my mind ( i 'm glad they included this lp track from 1984 's be my lover on the compilation and would be good for the redo . beautiful ballad that shows a woman on how you feel although she 's seeing someone else ) . 13. tenderoni ( 45 single , i never actually heard of the full lp track before but it was a good pre-new jack single ) 14. is this for real ( great ! ! ! ) 15. you have got to come to me ( beautiful new jack ballad that should have made the charts ) this here is the real best of o'bryan plus more . wish i can add more like " i 'm in love again " , " doin ' alright " , " surrender " " love had found its way " and " shake " but had to pick the best 16 that would fit ! ! - - thank you ! ! 
music neg 812.txt you know i thought this would be a great cd but no it is a total piece of dreck except for ken nordine he is a god in spoken word , i wished i would have bought two coppies one to poop on and one to cover it up . 
music neg 991.txt to much guitar , drowns out all the other instruments . survivor was made famous by heavy keyboards and drums , not guitars . i was expecting another burning heart , is this love , high on you . no songs on this albums have that sound . the vocals by jamison are top notch , but none of the songs sound like the survivor i remember . survivor guitars were only there to complement the keyboards , bass and drums , not drive the whole song . i guess jim peterik was the man behind survivor all along . i give the cd 2 stars for fire makes steel , the rest are throw aways . ***recommended for die hards only*** i highly recommend ' when seconds count ' for anyone getting started with survivor 
music neg 533.txt after reading glowing reviews of the dbts i picked up three of their cds . while some of the lyrics are strong , the songs have no melodies whatsoever . most of the arrangements consist of guitars blaring over a terrible singer . they 're reputed to be carrying on the tradition of skynyrd and the allmans . but those bands were n't just loud guitars...they had memorable tunes and great singers . dbts are a huge letdown 
music neg 701.txt while the title cut with joe public was bumping most of this disc is so-so&amp ; formula driven.without teddy riley the grooves&amp ; vibe are n't as strong 
music neg 662.txt being an osmond fan can be very frustrating at times.. . this cd has nothing new to offer . there have been several osmond compilation cds in the past 10 years . what 's so different about this one besides the photograph on the cover ? nothing . i agree with the reviewer who wishes the osmonds would put some of their old albums on cd instead of putting out hit compilation cds all the time . been there . done that . bored to tears 
music neg 823.txt the lady can sing , but her " christian " message is compromised because of her part in " chasing papi " , where she played a woman who - had she had the chance - would have hopped into bed with her on-screen boyfriend prior to marriage . it 's " crystal clear " to me that jaci broke my heart in a million pieces when she played that part . it 's really tragic to see such a beautiful young lady with such a opowerful voice and message now reduced to nothing more than a hypocritical wannabee , much in the same way that stacie orrico is now becoming.....and is it just me , or is it coincidence that these two womens ' album covers look strikingly similar ? it appears their paths in life are similar , too : compromising a message and a stand that once set them worlds apart . as with a recent review of orrico that i made , i 'll give jaci velasquez her due : she can sing , and what i mean by that is sing the roof off of a house ! this album was excellent.....was . now , whenever i think or hear of jaci velasquez , i can only think one word : hypocrite 
music neg 119.txt i thought something must be wrong with my stereo when i first played this cd . brooks and dunn have created some great work , but this is far from it . many of the songs are so dischordant , i would swear that the studio engineer had gone tone deaf or something . about two decent songs , the rest are not worth having around . try some earlier stuff for a better taste of their talent 
music neg 209.txt great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks 
music neg 901.txt i 've owned this cd , but did n't keep it for very long because it 's too poppy and slick for my tastes . i guess when about 1981 came around billy just wanted to distance himself from the brilliance of his 70 's style , and on this offering , he kind of wanted a 50 's or 60 's kind of sound . this stuff is just to slick for this hombre . he never made a solid album , after the release of glass houses , in about 1980. this is the kind of stuff that yuppies rave about , but if you 've got some integrity , you 'll probably want to steer clear of this one , and buy anything he recorded in the 70 's 
music neg 852.txt best of dark horse is another half-hearted attempt to gather george harrison 's greatest songs together . this time we only get tracks from 1976 to 1989. while there are some good songs ( blow away , crackerbox palace , cheer down , etc. ) the rest do n't represent his best songs from this period . where 's faster , this is love , someplace else , etc ? the only reasons to purchase this cd are for the rarities poor little girl , cockamamie business and cheer down . until they make a true best of , we 'll have to make our own single-disc compilation . here are the tracks needed : apple scruffs , my sweet lord , all things must pass , what is life , give me love ( give me peace on earth ) , living in the material world , crackerbox palace , blow away , all those years ago , dream away , cloud 9 , this is love , someplace else , got my mind set on you , end of the line , handle with care , cheer down , devil 's been busy , any road , rising sun . [dw] 
music neg 907.txt at no point in my following review am i by any means intentionally downing hank jr. i am just trying to give an honest review of this cd . at the time this album was realeased , hank jr. was riding high , winning big at the cma 's and acm's . he was also releasing some of the most critically aclaimed country records of his recording career . but then for some reason he decided he needed to record some rock and roll . to me this cd is a studio recorded version of a hank williams jr. live concert . the only difference is he did n't botch the vocals as he does on his live show . the music is decidedly 80% not country , it drifts towards eighties rock . if you trace hank jr. 's recording career , you can point at this cd at the one that started the downward spiral that he has only began to pull himself out of . i must say though , this cd contains one of hanks last top 10 hits , " if the south woulda won , " which is an hard to find recording on his compilations . i 'd say this cd is kinda essential collecion wise , just because of that song . 
music neg 698.txt based on the reviews for this cd i decided to buy it without having sampled it . big mistake . i love , among others , marshall crenshaw , don dixon and peter holsapple , but what happened here ? this was so not fabulous 
music neg 827.txt it 's a decent album but she seems to copy riffs a bit on this album . mother mother definitly rips of stairway to heaven from stairway 's ending vocals riff . ( and as we wind on down the road. . ) does she give zep credit on that ? now that rockstar supernova has used the song twice it has brought mother , mother back to life a bit but that riff rip just annoys me . good female yell and complain song but i just ca n't get past that riff rip 
music neg 287.txt i ca n't discard these songs completely , because they have such potential ! clever , fun lyrics , great beat , but boy i wish this guy could hit his notes more often ! i suppose this fellow requires the sort of " pitch does n't matter " mindset that grateful dead listeners perfected years ago ( or similar drugs ) . i 'm just not that tolerant or substance affected 
music neg 980.txt i love plenty of contemporary country music.. . everything from " new bluegrass " ( alison krauss & union station ) to " new country " like reba mcentire , rascal flatts , brad paisley , martina.. . even a lot of faith & shania . but i think this cd is crap . the single star is for the only good song on the album , " heads carolina , tails california " - - but really , 1 star for one good song out of ten is a bit too generous . i 'm astounded at how bad the other 9 songs are.. . elementary-school rhyming , uninspired melody lines , stupid lyrics , below-average accompaniment , etc. one of the most annoying things to me is her habit of overpronnouncing every word in a song.. . i 'd guess someone told her at some point that she slurs her words , and she was trying to overcompensate . the result should be titled " hooked on phonics , starring jodee messina . " listen to the preview of " on a wing and a prayer " for a good example of what i 'm talking about . i thank my lucky stars i borrowed this cotton candy from the library , rather than shelling out $16 for one song . do yourself a favor and buy " heads carolina , tails california " online if you must have it 
music neg 242.txt i 've been down for monica since the beginning ; but now i am finished , i love monica 's voice , but whats up with all these singers wanting to be rappers...wtf ! ! ! i want the soulfoul monica from the first cd , " sideline ho " are you serious ! ! ! again wtf ! ! could someone please come out with a soulful mature cd , cause this one aint even close . 
music neg 150.txt come on . i cannot play these dual discs in my car nor any regular cd players . j&mc are excellent though 
music neg 620.txt i first heard the song on the radio en route to work . i enjoyed it immensely and wanted to know who did the remake . no doubt 's redo of the 80 's hit brought back good memories of the new wave era . but , of course , it does not compare to the original talk talk version 
music neg 43.txt man , can she get anymore stupid and talentless . she needs to spend some of that undeserved bling bling on some singing lessons than her skimpy outfits . all the songs on this album are totally unlistenable ! she completely lacks power , vocal range and versatility . jennifer lopez represents everything that is wrong with music today . she gets a recording contract because her good looks and success with her acting career . just because your a great actor / actress does n't necessarily mean you can sing , too . some actors / actresses were able to achieve it , but not jennifer lopez . she needs to quit the music business while she still can . please stick to acting...oh , wait ! i forgot , she ca n't do that either ! 
music neg 253.txt i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so " out there " that when you first hear one of their cd's ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n't like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we 've got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n't have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 's kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country 's kind of cool , too . and dracula 's got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it 's really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n't really that good . i do n't know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n't have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band . 
music neg 853.txt chicane should just stop releasing material under that guise ever again . fftmc and bts were lush and beautiful productions . nicks latest attempts have been pathetic...from a musical standpoint and from a professional production standpoint...even his older ' pop ' remixes for other artists were better than this rubbish he 's doing these days...no , we 're not saying recycle the older productions , but instead it 's a matter of putting the effort and ' originality ' in the profuctions...a signature if you will...and hey , it does n't have to pigeon hole you if done with class...yes , how the mighty have fallen.. . oh brother. . 
music neg 205.txt i 'm mean , i know these guys do n't have a shred of originality. . afterall , that make some of the same crappy beats you can put together on piano 's and they just got to mess up classic songs also . he 's about as good of a musician as he is an actor . this country is just too unoriginal these days 
music neg 666.txt if you do n't have the blues , this record will give them to you.musically speaking , it 's tripe 
music neg 528.txt is this the same kool keith that created dr. octagon , dr. dooom , and black elvis ? & quot ; spankmaster&quot ; represents a regression of creative energy . it sounds like keith decided he wanted to make a record one morning and whimsically threw together some tracks . it contains little of the genius of his earlier cds . with the exception of a couple songs ( & quot ; jewelry shine&quot ; and & quot ; blackula&quot ; ) , this album stinks 
music neg 615.txt the best scene in the movie is the italian restaurant scene with janeane garofalo , using a wry randy quaid as her foil when she 's not ignoring him . it 's the only scene that made me laugh . the scene with the playboy dad having three women in his home , and the one preceding it when his girlfriend 's excessive dinner fails to impress the little kids , are both weak . playboy dad is not interesting , and that character really should n't have been one of the three musketeers of this movie . the other dad , reiser , is uncomfortable to watch . his dinner scene with his daughter is good in the sense that it shows how estranged a father can be with his teenage daughter , but that too is uncomfortable to watch . the later scene , up in the treehouse when his daughter suddenly loves him , is completely unbelievable . the fact is , that particular girl would not say those things to her dad . she does n't love him . she does n't need him at all . she 's done with him . the stupid bit about randy quaid being a talk show star after busting into rob reiner 's talk show is just dumb . that does n't happen . if you want to write a cartoon , get warner brothers to draw it for you . have the road runner in it , or bugs bunny . the film gives us comfort food at the end , with the trite and meaningless advice to love your kids . the fact is that your kids need love from their father when they are young , but once they hit a certain age , in double digits , you are done . daddy just becomes the source of cash from then on . kids in their teens and twenties do n't want or need anything but money from dad . fittingly , i saw this film on father 's day . to sum the whole movie up , janeane garofalo is funny , randy quaid is kind of comfortable to watch although the script gets a little stupid at the tail end , and the other two male leads are just mildly annoying . the script does n't say anything worthwhile about the subject it took on . but it takes a subject on , so at least that 's something . it gives exposure and food for thought on the subject of how a father fits into his family 
music neg 992.txt if you are short on money , do not buy this c.d. you will regret it . however if you are trying to get rid of a gift voucher or something side one is really good , especially the dr. evil & quot ; just the two of us&quot ; . really this is not a good album , as side two is rubbish . i still have n't listened to it all the way throug 
music neg 906.txt i deeply love the music of joni mitchell . it is for this reason that i feel the need to warn you , to dissuade you from being too early enthusiastic about this album aven before having heard it ( as i stupidly did ) . the fact is that so many people spend so much energy in praising it ( a new mature joni ! a return to the roots ! a brilliant acoustic album ! and nonsense like these.. . ) that it is very disappointing and frustrating to see ( well , hear ) that joni has not changed from her foolish and useless music of the last 15 years ( except " dog eat dog " which is superb , but only from a lyrical point of view - musically it 's an ' 80s disaster ) . it is the first joni mitchell album that i felt spleepy listening . ok , some lyrics are quite good , but nothing compares to the joni of the ' 60s and ' 70s . so , i really do not get the point : it is so obvious to me that she has nothing left to say ( how painful it is to face reality ! ) , so , why should all of you praise her ? just because of what she did in the past ? ok , let us say that she was the greatest singer-songwriter of her generation ( according to me , much better than bob dylan ) and let us praise her forever because of that ; but i truly cannot accept that we still flatter her in everything she does , even if what she does is boring and flat music pretending to be art . i would like to strongly dissuade you from buying this album ( and anything else from 1982 up to now - except , as i said , " dog eat dog " ) . if you are still trying to introduce yourself through the divine music of joni mitchell , try anything you want from the 60s and 70s . really , anything . try to be open-minded and let her music flow through your veins . you have to be prepared , for it could be beautifully dangerous : once you know her , you will never let her go away from your soul 
music neg 91.txt despite all the rave reviews i 'm wondering if this is a dreaded rerecord . maybe i 'm paranoid , but the country music industry is so sleazy . and some stars feel entitled to cash in . how else can you explain the john anderson anthology...horror . ( john , how could you ? ) or the bill anderson oh boy classic [oh boy here comes a rerecord ) . hey , the cd sounds great . but what makes me suspiscious is that there are no copyright dates anywhere on this cd except for one . also the cryptic message on the inside sleeve . could someone please clear this up . and not some rcr bud logan shill either . john conlee is one of my hero 's and this is really worrying me . i ca n't look at this cd with rose colered glasses anymore 
music neg 797.txt i remember really liking this album when it was first released , even though i could tell it was not in the same league as the real thing or angel dust . listening to the album now , i realise it is by far the worst fnm album since mike patton joined . the whole album feels very rushed , it has a sparse , raw sound , very different to angel dust 's polish . the music is generally very simple with many tracks sounding like b-sides and lacks the consistent melodiousness and sense of rhythm of their previous two classic albums . it was a shame to see guitarist jim martin depart . he had an unmistakable style and crunching guitar sound and was an integral part of fnm 's style and make up . however , being replaced ( for a short time anyway ) by trey spruance is no bad thing - anyone familiar with his work with mr bungle will know he is a genius with a guitar and his work here on king for a day is excellent , it 's just a shame that the material he has to work with is largely uninspired . how ironic then that on such a disappointing album , fnm produce one of their greatest ever tracks - the title track is pure genius , full of the care and effort , rhythm and melodiousness fnm were famous for . beginning with a great bass riff and acoustic strum , it is soon joined by a gentle female voice effect and simple minor piano scale and then brilliantly builds into a tour de force of percussion and guitar work before cleverly returning to the gentle acoustic sounds of the intro where it carefully takes 2 and a half minutes to wind down beautifully - this is fnm as you 'd expect them . another track that deserves special mention is cuckoo or caca , a great metal piece with excellent percussion and keyboards and crazy vocals . it 's scorching and funy and another reminder of the greatness fnm once held in abundance . it 's just a shame that these moments of inspiration are surrounded by so much surprising blandness ( caralho voador , take this bottle , the last to know ) and 2nd rate metal ( ugly in the morning , what a day , get out ) . star a.d. could have been vintage fnm but in the end falls flat , evidence starts off interestingly enough but soon gets boring and metal tracks like ricochet , the gentle art of making enemies and digging the grave are simple and sound like what most student bands are writing . however , the album does end on another note of vintage fnm - just a man is funny and catchy with patton having fun doing his tom jones impression and the inclusion of a gospel choir at the end is inspired - you find yourself not wanting it to end . patton 's vocals throughout the album are still amazing but should be accompanying much better material and you ca n't help but feel he was a little bored here - i think his heart always really lay with the far superior mr bungle , where he really shone and where his voice was absolutely perfect for the complex and avant garde material . i suppose it 's not surprising that king for a day is a largely empty affair , the departure of jim martin and the diminished presence of roddy bottum at rehearsals meant that fnm 's original chemistry and resources were sadly lacking and so were unable to achieve what they once had been able to . it 's really an album for faith no more fans , it 's certainly no classic despite some classic material and i feel it was the beginning of the end for fnm , they would improve with their next album , album of the year - but only marginally . 
music neg 782.txt some will mistake me for a evidence hater , but i 'm really not . i just want the man to put some effort into what he does . i 'm tired of taking just any ol ' thing artists throw at us nowadays because the " fans " do n't expect very much - - or simply do n't know what good is anymore . sure , you can relate to what evidence is saying , but you can put on a dope instrumental cd , sit with a friend or knowledgable hip hop head , have a discussion about any topic , and the resulting feeling will be something like the feeling you get from this album . i quickly get tired of the " slow flow " - - see : talking - - and i feel like anyone can do it . i do n't shell out money for things i can do myself . really , the only difference between him and 50 cent is content . when i hear someone say " slow flow " my mind translates that into " reduction of standards to make it easier for cats to get on " because this album would have been thrown out the window before the jiggy invasion came . and lot of these beats , though very dope , are as slow as his flow is . couple that with the fact that there are a lot of wack guest appearance from cats like joe scudda ( i 'm sorry , i tried to like him , but dude is simply terrible ) , big pooh ( same goes for him ) , and madchild and you have an album that can have a drowsying effect on the listener . the only dope guest shots come from phonte , planet asia , and slug . yeah , i know the fans and jock riders will hate and call names , but i 'm going to keep it honest - - fu** real . when ev actually puts his back into it , he creates some dope material . " down with new york city " is nice piece of work that has ev gettin ' busy over an air tight jake one track . " chase the clouds away " is another track where ev does his thing over a pounding alc production . the standout to me had to be " line of scrimmage " which features ev and atmosphere frontman , slug , getting nice over another dope alc creation . with the likes of alchemist , sid roams , jake one , dj khalil , babu , and evidence himself providing dope beats , i 'd have to say that the production is definitely the strong point of the lp . simply put , i do n't recommend playing this cd while operating heavy machinery . i respect ev and his whole crew ( hell , i love rakaa ) , but this album will make you nod off instead of nod to the beat . i can only call it the way i see it regardless of whether or not the artist is a favorite of mine or not . bring on the unhelpful votes if you want , but i can only recommend this to the die hard fans - - who should eat this one up . everyone else should download this and test it out first . standout tracks : letyourselfgo feat . alchemist & phonte , a moment in time feat . planet asia , line of scrimmage feat . slug ( my favorite ) , and down in new york cit 
music neg 750.txt the versions of " black sabbath " and " war pigs " actually comprise half of black sabbath 's appearance on the april 26 , 1970 edition of john peel 's ' sunday show . ' " black sabbath " features a unique third verse that appears on no other officially released version of the song . " war pigs " is actually " walpurgis , " an earlier incarnation of the song featuring entirely different lyrics . incidentally , the other two songs from that broadcast , " fairies wear boots " and " behind the wall of sleep , " were released as bonus tracks on the supplemental disc issued with the first pressings of the original 1997 release . all four of these tracks , while fascinating , do n't rightfully belong on this collection , as this disc intends to highlight ozzy osbourne 's career as a solo artist . for that reason , the live version of " paranoid " that appears on this set is equally unnecessary . those songs are frustrating inclusions on an ozzy osbourne greatest hits album , particularly since they come at the apparent exclusion of some of ozzy 's biggest hits and / or notable tracks such as " flying high again , " " shot in the dark , " " i do n't know , " " breaking all the rules , " or " road to nowhere . " to add to the confusion , some of the solo-era material included here is n't exactly what it purports to be . ozzy has been the subject of a number of recent legal disputes over writing and performance royalties . these disputes ostensibly prompted ozzy to reissue his back catalog in 2002 with , in some cases , re-recorded tracks . the ' blizzard of ozz ' and ' diary of a madman ' albums now feature pointlessly re-recorded rhythm parts , presumably as a snub to the original rhythm section of lee kerslacke ( drums ) and bob daisley ( bass ) , who , incidentally , wrote the lyrics to almost every ozzy solo track from ' blizzard of ozz ' through ' no more tears . ' the ' bark at the moon ' album , while not re-recorded , was most certainly remixed . it is the re-recorded versions of the ' blizzard of ozz ' and ' diary of a madman ' tracks and the remixed version of the ' bark at the moon ' track that appear on the current edition of this collection . finally , the version of " no more tears " is actually the video edit , not the album version . in addition , due to one of the disputes mentioned above , ' the ultimate sin ' album was not selected for remastering in 2002 and has subsequently been dropped from ozzy 's catalog . that album 's biggest hit , " shot in the dark , " which appeared on the original 1997 release of this collection , has now been replaced with " miracle man " from ' no rest for the wicked . ' along these lines , the ' just say ozzy ' live ep and the double-disc live album , ' live and loud , ' both of which contain a live version of " shot in the dark , " have also been deleted from ozzy 's catalog . not even ' the essential ozzy osbourne , ' a double-disc collection covering ozzy 's entire solo career , features a single song from ' the ultimate sin . ' the ultimate sin , indeed . my recommendation is to avoid this collection ( and the 2002 remasters ) and instead search for the 1995 remasters or , better yet , search for the original albums on vinyl 
music neg 352.txt this cd is the worst " comedy " cd i have ever heard . yet the reviews on here mostly claim it was hilarious ? ? ? ? ok , i 've come to the conclusion , the only people writing positive reviews on amazon must be the people trying to sell the junk . i 've seen this guy on some tv shows , and on comedy central , and he 's a somewhat funny guy , but it is painful to listen to this cd . you can feel the awkwardness of the crowd , not knowing if or when to laugh . and it continues throughout the entire cd . there do n't seem to be any jokes on the cd at all . it is all disconnected negative rants from a bitter angry human being . do n't believe me ? then go ahead and waste your money on this horrible piece of junk , and see for yourself . like my review title says , do not read the positive reviews . just read the negative ones , and decide how credible they seem . then make your decision to buy or not buy 
music neg 636.txt it just amazes me what a joke the music industry has become . nowadays anyone can become a singer take for instance : ashlee simpson , lindsay lohan , and now paris hilton ? lmao ! no seriously though , i 'm still totally not sure how paris hilton became so famous . yes , i know she 's the hilton hotel heiress , but i 'm not sure why the media gives her so much attention . all she did was live off her family fortune , but now thanks to that fortune , she was able to get the right contacts , to make her own record label called " heiress records " which is a sub-label of warner bros . after a reality show series , modeling career , a sex tape , and a couple of roles in a few movies , what did she think to herself ? i think i want to be a singer now ? apparently . and thats how this flaming pile of garbage came about . " stars are blind " is her first single off her debut album " paris " and let me tell you it 's nothing new or original . the song has kind of a ska beat , which i really do n't think much of . her voice sounds like when you inhale helium from a balloon , and the lyrics are mediocre . sorry paris , but you failed miserably as a musician . leave this profession for the people that really have the talent 
music neg 461.txt in the classic and disturbing 1972 movie deliverance , lewis ( burt reynolds ) gives this ominous warning to ed ( jon voigt ) : " machines are going to fail . systems are going to fail . then.. . survival . " what , i wonder , will richard d . james ( a.k.a. aphex twin , a.k.a. afx ) do when the machines fail ? it 's been nearly five years since his underappreciated album drukqs , where we got a tantalizing possible answer to this question : the plaintive , lovely , satie-esque acoustic keyboard nocturnes intermingled among the abstract , frantic electronic soundscapes throughout its sprawling duration . [another intriguing solution was proposed on the album acoustica : alarm will sound performs aphex twin...] chosen lords , rdj 's first proper cd release since then , is actually a collection of various tracks from his " analord series " of overpriced , elaborately packaged 12-inch vinyl singles that he 's been cranking out over the last year or so . those who were put off by the excesses and overt eccentricity of drukqs may hail these cryptically titled , drum-machine laden compositions as a " return to greatness . " indeed , afx is certainly reviving a more compact , accessible ( for him ) , and straightforward style here , with comparatively regular ( though not quite danceable ) rhythms and those comforting underlying simple synthesizer melodies . i have to say , though , that there 's a disappointing and somewhat melancholy sense here of a great musical mind spinning its wheels . by returning to such familiar ground he seems to be setting up systems and letting them run their course in an almost cynical way , without any of the maniacal glee that was once part of his singular musical personality on unforgettable releases like come to daddy , windowlicker , the richard d . james album , and , yes - - drukqs . notably lacking are the voices that once regularly appeared in his productions - - true , they were usually rather unsettling , distorted , and manipulated voices , but at least they added some welcome humanity . also missing are those rare but beautiful moments of repose ( ballads ? ) such as " flim , " " nannou " and the striking piano interludes on drukqs . in the end , chosen lords , while an undeniably interesting and expertly produced collection of electronic music , is nonetheless a sterile , static , joyless affair . if it inspires any emotion at all , it will probably be pity and sadness as you listen to a possible musical genius coasting along without exploring any new directions for the first time in his otherwise remarkable career . yes , i 'm afraid the machines have failed richard d . james , and i sincerely hope he can survive in this cold and remote musical wilderness of his own creation. . 
music neg 540.txt as a contemporary of joan baez ( age-wise ) , i loved her early music and the power of her incredible voice . i even empathize with much of her politics , but unfortunately it 's time she rested on her laurels . her voice on this cd is quite far removed from what she was once capable of , and in fact i would have to say that there is no comparison between her vocal ability on bowery songs , and her earlier quality . like some professional athletes , she seems to not know when to quit.. . 
music neg 510.txt is it really necessary to take minute-long solos in every song ? really ? if you like your solos long-winded and lacking in destination , and your lyrics trite ( get a job ? ? ? ) , check these guys out . if you actually plan on listening to the music you buy , skip it 
music neg 977.txt listening to this c.d. first gave me a headache , then it made my stomache churn . it is so uninspired , it 's not even funny ( or listenable ) . yeah , it 's loud , but i can be loud , too , if i had some pots and pans and a " guitar . " do n't get this , it 's nothing but d-r-i-v-e-l 
music neg 519.txt as if metalcore wasnt a chainsaw to your head enough , its absolutely ridiculous when metalcore bands mix emo with there already inoriginal sound . this band sounds like a even more flaccid killswitch engage , a hawthorne heights / silverstein with downtuned guitars . as if it wasnt an abomination already , they even sing about vampires . yes , thats right , vampires . and you couldnt get any g*yer . 
music neg 271.txt there is now no trace of delight left in this band . all songs are either moderately slow and somewhat self-indulgent or frightfully slow and quite self-indulgent . i do love this band and pronounce praises upon them whenever i receive a doe-eyed look saying their name , but this cd and the cd previous ( which did have 1 tune , " apples , " with which one could smile ) does , for the first time , take away any anticipation for their next collection of chopfallen tunes . first , we loose the roses , then the ned 's disband , following that , swervedriver breaks apart and velocity girl is gone forevermore . now my charlatans have become charlatans of the great band they once were . 
music neg 988.txt most of these idiot reviewers are missing the fact that this cd is missing lot of songs which define extreme . the implication that it is a & quot ; best of&quot ; and not a & quot ; greatest hits&quot ; should have included more from their self-titled album . tsk-tsk , this does n't include & quot ; mutha ( do n't wanna go to school today ) & quot ; , how can that be 
music neg 677.txt i said i was going to be honest in all reviews , and yes , i kinda clunkered on this one . i hate this cd . simply put . they ca n't sing , and the songs are boring . i 'm sorry i bought this cd , and other people might not like me saying that , but it 's my opinion . i listen to power metal extensively and there is much better stuff out there like symphony x , nightwish or sonata artica . do n't buy this , though , you might like it . i 'd definitely listen to it first 
music neg 421.txt bad news is that i wasted my time listening to this whinefest . good news is that i bought it used . i give it two stars because there are two tolerable songs on the cd and she is a cutie . more good news . i re-sold it for my purchase price 
music neg 185.txt i live in buffalo and i 'm a big prog rock fan ; so when i saw this cd at the library , i knew i had to give it a free listen . but make no mistake - this cd under-delivers on many levels . i always wanted asia to be a great band - it had my favorite guitar player ( steve howe ) , a top-shelf drummer ( carl palmer ) , and a proven bass player / vocalist who was up to the task ( john wetton ) . but there was always a bit too much " pop " , simplicity and repetition in their music to totally engage me . hey , progressive rock is mostly about " different " , complexity and change , right ? asia was a progressive-pop band ( akin to the later albums of todd rundgren 's utopia ) that made good music , but did n't really pioneer much of anything . same with this cd . there 's little here that 's new or better than the studio versions of the songs . palmer 's long drum solo got boring after a while . steve 's acoustic solos can be found on other yes recordings , and done much better there - here , the recording quality is so bad that it sounds like he 's playing tuned rubber bands at times . ( honestly , i remember hearing better fidelity from my old kenner close'n'play ! ) o.k. , it was cool to hear steve express his pleasure at playing in buffalo again ! but the so-called " keyboard solo " by geoff downs was underwhelming to say the least , and reinforced my suspicion that he was sort of the weak link in this group of otherwise great prog virtuosos . i guess if one loves a band too much , they can blindly overlook some shortcomings on almost any cd by that band , and that 's just fine for those people . however , the objective reality of this cd 's value comes creeping in on many other 's existing reviews : namely , the production quality is sub-par ( to the point of being annoying at times ) ; the vocals and harmonies are often off-key ( you really should n't have to wince this much during 79 minutes of music ! ) ; this is clearly a single disk album that was issued on 2 disks for some reason ; the packaging and liner notes are scant ; and the performance just does n't add much to the studio versions . this is for asia completists only . asia did make a solid 5-star progressive-pop cd with their first studio album . i love it . but they never improved upon it , and never stretched out into new territory . perhaps this 1982 live recording exposes some of the weaknesses that kept this potential supergroup from going from " good " to " great " . support your local library . ( and in this case , save some cash ! ) 
music neg 245.txt many people have judged this album as a masterpiece i know . but to me this is just a collection of boring ambient sounds . this is unusual of me because i usually like ambient music . another double ambient album - seti - pharos - is a real masterpiece . it is a real pity because the cover of this album is really stunning - but - you know - never judge the cover by its album . please if you have any feedback to this write to - carlogiova@yahoo.it - i would be happy to share thoughts . 
music neg 623.txt get off the drugs , guys . your reviews made me purchase this awful load of tripe . while proficient enough on the instruments and vocals , the moon falls woefully short just about everywhere else . the songs sound very similar to one another and are all pretty much void of any decent melodies or even a good hook or two . right when it seems they might be getting somewhere , they break the rhythm and make a feeble attempt to psych it up or out with a sitar , swirling strings or the ever constant and really abused minor key chord changes . there is also a curious lack of any decent choruses , here . i have to believe that that was a conscious effort on the part of the moon . bad idea , guys . and while the music is pretty lame , the lyrics are absolutely wretched . can anyone out there , after listening to this , remember more than ten words from any song on this washed out cd ? if you can , it 's because they 're so lame and uninspiring . the lyrics from the temptations ' " psychadelic shack " captures the feeling of the sixties better than anything these blotterheads came up with . here 's a big hint about the musical contents of this cd . it actually says on the front cover , " featuring david marks of the beach boys . " huh ? ? ? is that supposed to be a ringing endorsement ? comparing these guys to left banke , the zombies or the beatles is pure blasphemy ! for those of you fortunate enough to not have heard the moon before , count your lucky stars . if you feel yourself slipping to the dark side ( the boneheads giving this 4 or 5 stars ) and feel like spending some extra cash , there are other sixties groups more worthy of your money , like the aforementioned bands . i 'm probably going to piss some people off with this review , but that 's exactly how i felt after giving this cd a listen . honestly , i immediately thought of george harrison 's less than stellar second rate efforts while listening to this . i love ya george , but you put out more than one clinker of a northern song . if bad harrison 's your thing......well , then stop reading and buy this cd now ! for the rest of you , there 's a lot of music from somewhat obscure sixties bands coming out on cd right now . garage or psych , a lot of it is great , but the mine is also getting stipped pretty bare . the moon is proof positive . it 's also pretty easy to see why their recording company called it quits after two albums - and the second album is far superior to the first in both sound and content ! in closing , while this album has overwhelming intracasies layered into the music and vocals , the end product is very bland . i read these guys admitted to cutting these songs while under the influence of lsd . it shows ! i rated this " aural adventure " two stars , instead of one , for two reasons . first , i kept rooting for these guys to come up with a decent song to salvage the album ( actually two ) . they never did , but at least they performed all original songs . it 's also worth an added star to see a rerelease from a sixties band that does n't have a cover of " hey joe " on it . if you 're still with me ( and also a lover of good music or even mediocre fare ) , avoid this cd like the plague ! i 'd also like to thank amazon for putting this clinker on my recommendation lists . you done me wrong 
music neg 583.txt wow guys.. . how many of you are on crack ? ive given this album 2 whole listens an it still sucks ass . besides if i should have to listen to something more than a few times to know its hot then its wack . cause if you listen to anything enough you will like it . it 's human nature.. . keith , ummm.. . excuse me " dr. octagon " is a retard , mentalcase , and has no lyrical ability . half of you people like this just cause its so different . what he says makes no sence , and has no meaning . that which he does say that does make sence is nasty , and weak . his flow is awefull . his delivery is awefulll . automator does a good job on the boards making nice beats , but keiths lame ass f***s up good beats.. . feel free to click that you dont agree with this kool keith d***riders . : 
music neg 104.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya 
music neg 882.txt this was the worst thing i 've ever heard , except maybe clap your hands say yeah . my cousin who has absolutely no musical taste introduced me to them and i hate them forever 
music neg 638.txt bread8 , that 's one of the stupidest comments i 've ever read . you do n't know s*** about metal . you ca n't handle the intensity of real metal because you 're a fat virgin who 'd cry to your mommy if you heard godly metal songs like " immortal rites " and " pleasure to kill . " leave the metal to the metalheads you mallcore f@ggot . anyway , " dysfunction is better than staind 's other stuff , but only by a microscopic margin . aaron lewis is a weak , talentless crybaby whose bandmates could n't make a good song to save their lives . every song on here is full of bogus " pain " and " depression " coupled with abyssmal musicianship just like every other nu-metal band . if you want heavy music that 's accessible for the masses , go for rage against the machine ( except for " evil empire " ) , faith no more , helmet , living colour , and quicksand . 
music neg 396.txt nothing like eon . eon is the one . this was a hack sequel with no guts . very dissapointing 
music neg 134.txt the lack of someone lurking behind prince 's shoulder while in the recording studio and having the courage to tell him when he produces second rate nonsense has been missing since the departure of the fargnoli management team . this is a poor track incorporating biblical references that have little relevance or sense of genuine compassion to the katrina disaster . musically the lack of emotion conveyed by the unnecessarily complicated chord changes and irrelevant reference to sade also make the feel of this track disjointed . while prince fans will generally hype this track , the reality is that " 4 the tears in your eyes " this is n't and to add a charity track with an instrumental showing off your musical skills is just pure self indulgence and frankly crass . lets hope this is not an indication of the upcoming 3121. 
music neg 855.txt while filled with talented performers , this cd sucks . rocky is a campy , 1970 's b-movie , that 's what makes it enjoyable . even as a stage show it 's a hokey , rock-and-roll extravaganza . this cd tries to turn rocky into thoroughly modern millie , and it just does n't work . the corny sci-fi sound and less than amazing vocals are just what make rocky..rocky . this cast has so much less enthusiasm and energy than the original roxy cast . and lastly , tim curry is frank . his rendition is too ingrained in my head for me to accept the twangy annoyance that is the frank on this album . ripley is a little too legit for janet , and the female eddie weirds me out . buy the roxy cast . it 's so superior it 's almost laughable . 
music neg 822.txt i like the music , but the sound quality is terrible . i bought this cd because it was released in 2003 , but there is zero improvement in sound quality from previous older tracks 
music neg 441.txt i loved shedaisy 's first album the whole shebang . and i also really enjoy their christmas albumn . they have beautiful voices and i love the three part harmonies they come up with . i was very excited to get their newest album but i was sure dissapointed . this is a very dark and depressing album . almost every song is about lost love . also , all the songs but 1 are slow . where is the upbeat shedaisy i fell in love with ? ? ? i would suggest passing this one up and instead just listening to the whole shebang again . still , i look forward to what the future may bring from them . these sisters have alot of talent 
music neg 919.txt almost 10 years later.. . and i am still waiting for the punchline . i think this is the most properly named album of all time.. . as the easiest summation is : it lacks any punch and keeps you waiting for something that never comes ! its terrible , especially when contrasted with pornograffitti . gone are the great guitar tone , riffing , rhythm , power , and groove that marked most of the prior three albums . it 's what the forth side to " iii sides to every story " could have been.. . " yours , mine , the truth , and the suck " . the songs are lackluster , but its really the guitar sound that kills this album album . " no respect " , surprisingly , by name , is the only song worth any respect and the only song near upbeat on the album . " waiting for the punchline " still remains in my top 5 worst albums of all time.. . i dont write negative reviews unless a cd is really bad in general or really bad compared to the bands other work . in this case , it fits both.. . its bad for extreme.. . and stands up as exceptionally bad among all other bands ' albums as well . conversely , in my opinion , iii sides and pornograffitti are 4 and 5 star albums , respectively 
music neg 837.txt phaeton 's son flew on wings of wax into sun crashed and burned instea 
music neg 144.txt can we say , " money making ploy ? " wow . i , like many others , have grown up with disney . perhaps i simply do not understand why kids of any age would listen to this garbage as opposed to the actual movie songs ? this is not like " kidz bop " or anything related to that which " kidifies " music - these are timeless movie classics that did not need to be redone - and as a further insult , they are poorly redone . i am very , very let down by these " disneymania " albums . :o ( 
music neg 642.txt i was literally horrified when i first put this album in my cd player . this cd is absolutly terrible , every song sounds like its been composed for some middle school band to play . furthermore the songs hardly sound like the songs they represent , they 'll go through like one riff from the origional then just do their own thing . do not , i repeat , do not purchase this album . i was expecting some cool , fun , funky lounge music but this cd is just obnoxious . the only thing that makes this cd remotley worth purchasing is the cool album art and free coaster 
music neg 18.txt might just be me- -but this is one of those cd 's that the song they play on the radio is the only decent one . maybe i 'm too old for the rest- -but wish i had kept the crystal so i could sell it on ebay 
music neg 719.txt being a fan of jack johnson , i thought this one would be as good as the others . i was n't impressed at all . it sounds like a few guys pickin ' around in the basement . the recording quality has very little production value . at best , these are okay live versions of usually great songs . this is an unnecessary piece for your jack johnson collection . 
music neg 391.txt i have to disagree with the majority of folks here who consider this cd the jazz end all . i find it grating , and darn near unlistenable . i have built a small but quality jazz library the last few months . miles davis , dave brubeck , kenny burrell , grant green , cannonball adderley , stan getz , chet baker , wes montgomery , bill evans and thelonius monk to name a few . this guy is by far my least favorite . his playing on miles davis cd 's i have and with monk is largely enjoyable and i know he 's a giant . but this stuff ? . the live recording on disc two was so grating i could n't make it through . it sounded to me like a bunch of geese being slaughtered . give me the other guys anytime 
music neg 637.txt i bought usher 's 8701 on tape long ago , and i remember liking it . then a couple of years ago , i bought it again on cd , listened to it , and wondered why i wasted my money . maybe it 's the fact that i 've grown , but this album sounds so un-soulful now . it is just lacking any spirit , sort of like an over-produced record : all studio magic , but no magic from the singer . even the songs that are supposed to sound heartfelt , don't . the album sounds dated , not transcendent of time and era like all the albums that become classics . the songs are very forgettable , and i do n't see any of them being seen as classics twenty years from now . usher has yet to make a masterpiece . addendum : i was a little unfair in my rating . the album deserves 3 stars , not 2. unfortunately , i ca n't change it . 
music neg 860.txt i would love to own this soundtrack but why anyone would pay 120 bucks is just plain dumb . quite frankly i would like to see your copyright on this item to see if you are just reburning these cd 's and reselling them . for 120 bucks you should be reported to the authorite 
music neg 535.txt i used to like rob zombie , up until hellbilly delux . everything after that is garbage . this album is no exception . every song sounds the same and is very predictable . the lyrics are nonsensical , educated horses ? he says that phrase in like 3 or 4 songs on this cd , i think he is running out of material and throwing crappy cd 's together to scrap in some extra money . he needs to quit before everyone forgets he used to be talented . i do n't recommend this cd to anyone except the die-hard stalker-type fans that will buy all of his cd 's / merchandise regardless . 1 star , i went through this cd in less than 10 minutes , very disappointed , and will never put it back into a cd-player again 
music neg 164.txt i like funny rappers who have some talent at least . i do not think that his songs or the man is funny at all . and even the people that i know that enjoyed this the first couple times say that they do n't like it at all by the third time . truly bad pointless music that makes all rap music seem like a joke . avoid this one 
music neg 426.txt we all know how great the songs are on this cd - - 5-star all the way . however , i guess there 's an unlucky few oddballs among us who ca n't play the sacd hybrid cd format of this particular reissue on our pc . which also means that we ca n't add the cd to our itunes or ipod music selections . in this day and age , that 's severely limiting , so i regret this purchase ( i do n't have some jalopy of a pc / processor either , as my computer is less than seven months old , with 2gb of ram ) . i do n't know who to blame for my " mistake " - - myself ? amazon ? sony ? philips ? abkco ? i 'll blame myself and be more careful next time - - in part by avoiding " dsd - " or " sacd - " labeled items . i 'll also give the cd 1 star on the basis of its limited technological usefulness to me 
music neg 484.txt well , unless you are a hardcore collector like myself ( had it originally on vinyl all those years ago ) , stay clear of this album . if you want to hear noise that you & your wife / girlfriend / boyfriend could do yourself , then forget this album & make your own noise . the best track on the album is the bonus track . that tells you that this album has nothing to do with beatles music . i give it one star for being terrible & one star for the packaging ; - ) . search judemac forever " on msn 
music neg 453.txt when mike & the mechanics ushered in the ` madchester ' scene with the living years it was only a matter of time before these jokers attempted to jump on the bandwagon . if you want to be adored you should write some decent songs lads ! verdict : do n't waste your money . 
music neg 403.txt perhaps it 's a bit unfair because lucinda engenders such high expectations , but i was really disappointed with this record the songwriting is weak , the singing is weak , and the arrangements are dull something kicked all the life out of the music- -the songs are not all the same , but for some reason they all sound the same- -and embarrassingly , you can sing most of them after one listen , they are so simplistic and cliched 
music neg 195.txt it is hard to imagine what the american songbook ever did to rod stewart that he would decide to degrade it like this , not once , not twice , but three times . stewart 's decision to approach these shop-worn standards ranks up there with napoleon 's decision to invade russia during the winter , it is staggeringly ill conceived . the problem , of course , is his voice . the selection of material seems ideally suited to showcase his limitations as a singer , which are countless . for starters , he has almost no range at all . next , his raspiness has no inherent beauty , and these are songs intended for beautiful voices . by their very nature , the selections are vehicles for skilled singers , their simplicity allows excellent performers to interpret and express individual perspective . stewart , because he is a rock and blues singer , never learned the fundamentals of singing and certainly never developed a mature , expressive voice . he scratches along the surface of these listless vehicles with the charm of a man skating over ice with sandpaper strapped to his shoes . banks of strings and fabulously misguided collaborations , ( dolly parton ! ) , do not mask but highlight what is wrong with this project . bear in mind that i like rod stewart ; he 's from scotland and he 's the prototypical brit blues belter . if you want to know what he 's actually good at , dig out your copy of jeff beck 's first release , truth . stewart delivers some of the best blue-eyed twelve bar wailing ever recorded . but that 's the problem . on truth it was the cigarettes , whisky , and swagger in his voice that made him great - it was n't about singing technique - it was about authenticity . here , the focus is on singing , and his limitations are embarrassingly spotlighted . albums like this never get made unless the performer already has name recognition that guarantees sales , nightmares of this stripe could never stand on their own merits . to be avoided at all cost . 
music neg 884.txt this air supply should 've been cut off a very long time ago . whenever any of their songs comes on the radio i immediately shut it off . bad ear candy is all they ever recorded . mindless , sappy garbage . even bread 's music was more interesting than this 
music neg 60.txt i have not heard of or listened to , this cd series , but from the sound of it , its all bad interpretations of popular music . i just want to say that if you want your kids to listen to music and you want to steer clear of the bad stuff.. . play classical music . play stuff without lyrics . play a show on tv where the characters sing . do anything but , buy a cd where people that are n't the original artists sing songs that were never intended to be for kids in the first place . censoring a song or cutting lyrics tends to ruin that song . there are just some songs that are n't good for kids even if you cut out all the bad words . think about this.. . do you really want your kids coming up to you later in their life after hearing the real version of a song and asking you why the song they heard as a kid is so different from the one they just heard on the radio and then having to explain to them that the song they heard as a kid was a clean version of the song ? listen.. . i 'm all for trying to keep your kids away from inappropriate stuff for as long as possible , but cds like this are not the way to go . all they do is make kids think that all music is going to sound just like the music on the cds and when they finally hear the real stuff , they 're gonna be asking questions . do them and yourself a favor and do n't buy these cds 
music neg 739.txt i mainly bought this album because i was going to see them on this tour . in fact the gig i was at was the opening show on the tour . again , the band uses their patented formula basically creating the same album over and over again . i find most of this album to be very average . actually after listening , this album is not very good at all . the majority of the songs are clich ridden in both music and lyrics . there are a couple of catchy tracks most notably " safe in new york city " which is a bit different but most of this album is cock rock at its most basic . probably one of the bands weakest efforts 
music neg 622.txt paul brown is a tremendously talented artist and producer with a wonderful engineering background that allows him to set the standard in smooth jazz for clean production and versatile music . however , content on his latest project , " white sand " is n't musically expressive as the content heard on his first two solo albums . the artist collaborations on " white sand " make it tempting to purchase , but you quickly realize brown 's musical wittiness and versatility ( smooth , latin or r&b ) are lacking . overall it is still a cd worth paying for 
music neg 490.txt i bought this album after hearing about them from a fellow beach boys fan . i 'm a huge pet sounds fan , but i love all kinds of orchestrated rock from " the left banke " to " beulah . " this album is not that good , people . it 's not even " okay . " there are way better takes on the " brian wilson " ( read : phil spector ) sound . whether it 's " the ladybug transistor " or " the apples in stereo . " heck , check out a great vancouver band called " ashley park " as well . the production on this is so rooted in the eighties / nineties that it 's almost unlistenable . they may be good road musicians but it does n't show on this album , especially since some of tracks use lamo drum loops " a la stone roses . " you would be better off going through the elephant 6 label 's recordings or even merge stuff . to be honest , i did n't even find the compositions that scintillating , regardless of the production . chord and change-wise , they 're interesting....but that does n't make the songs good . 
music neg 787.txt to those of you interested in this cd in lieu of finding the & quot ; songs with lyrics&quot ; in the movie ice age , got bad news for you . they are not here ! i really do hate it when a soundtrack is put out for a movie and they do n't include the best or features songs in the movie . anyway , the song that pretty much everyone wants when manny , sid , diego and the baby are together and walking towards half peak is called & quot ; send me on my way&quot ; by rusted root . it is on their latest album & quot ; when i woke&quot ; . put rusted root in the amazon search engine and you should find it . hope this helps those looking for this song 
music neg 831.txt this cd was supposed to expose a new side of dar willams , it has failed to do this . the lyrics , and songs are repetitive of previous works . i would suggest buying something else 
music neg 990.txt there 's always the argument that if bach had had a modern piano , he would have composed for it . let 's consider another possibility : if some style-insensitive time machine had delivered a piano to bach 's doorstep , he might have tried it out and rejected it as a bad idea , since it so obviously fails to serve the paramount musical ideals that inspired the high baroque composers . for listeners who understand what bach meant by equal temperament , it 's worth noting that the standard temperament of the modern piano bears no close connection to what bach was trying to demonstrate in these " pedagogical " compositions . in other words , the point is lost . 
music neg 864.txt this cd should not have been released because it adds really nothing to this jarrett quartet 's other three releases . it 's like taking a fat paint brush full of cheap house paint and making a greasy mess of what was a very beautiful triptych . " belonging , " " my song , " and " nude ants " are all virtuoso , spiritually empowered performances and should by all means be purchased and enjoyed . but , i 'd go nada on this one if i were you . i was sitting with my 88-year-old mother listening to the last track and complaining about how lame it was and she said it was " hum-drum . " and she 's 88 , likes lawrence welk and it was past her bedtime . ( it 's past " late night willie 's " bedtime too , i hate to tell you . ) heck , i 've heard high school jazz bands cook twice as hot as this " keith and the somnambulists " incarnation . garbarek sounds like he 's going to give himself a hernia trying to get out the altissimos . i ca n't think of one interesting drum riff in the whole 61 minutes plus . ( neither can christensen . ) les scandinavianes sound like they need about 10 hours sleep and then , maybe , they start thinking about picking up musical instruments . jarrett is as wired as ever , but even he ca n't keep up with some of the tempos and the overall mood is disoriented , forced and cumbersome . how any reviewer can say that this release captures the quartet 's tight integration , displayed amazingly well elsewhere , is beyond me . with the exception of " innocence , " none of the compositions are very good , either . " oasis " has an interesting , if dire , melody line , but it ca n't summon the required ambience because of all of the clutter and dog poop around it . unlike the other three releases mentioned above , this one has very little magnetism - the first track is all rambling rose jazz , where none of the musicians are feeding off each other . i do n't enjoy this kind of jazz , so cliched and unintegrated . it contains that jarrettian need to rush things and gang jump the tempo with heavy-handed neurosis peddled as jazz fusion . you feel like some nut in a bmw is suddenly sitting 10 inches off your bumper , too demented to use the passing lane . ( yes , i know keith has mastered his scales and likes to crack knuckles with tempos and , yes , i now have a headache . ) there is an interesting part at the end , however , where garbarek cuts way back on the throttle and swaggers around in the lower and upper registers of his tenor sax in some nice ways . but the transition is contrived at best and bears no organic relation to the first part . only " innocence " benefits from the fact that these guys are probably taking a red eye flight to new york soon . it is a beautiful lullabye , arguably jarrett 's best composition . true , the " nude ants " version is all you need really , but something happens on this version of the song that is very special . jarrett puts in one of his best , if not his best , jazz piano performances . the composition is perfectly suited to his virtuosity and sensitivities and the somnambulists , who are still pulling a code 9 , ca n't screw it up even if they want to . ( there is a halo around keith jarrett 's head i bet you . ) garbarek ( somnambulist #1 ) plays the melody with a lot of heart , but he screws up the tempo in a very brief , weak improvisation . the man is tapped , knows it and decides it 's time to end the song . palle danielsson ( somnambulist #2 ) misses a lot of notes ( doubly bad on double bass ) and goes off into an ill-conceived , top-heavy improvisation right at the beginning of the song . like garbarek , he knows enough to stop and retreat , letting jarrett take over . i ca n't remember a dang thing about somnambulist #3 ( christensen ) . but jarrett 's effort cannot be touched and he plays like a true wizard . a week later at the village vangard ( " nude ants " ) , they 'll all be playing at this level . if anything , i 'd like to see the pm version of " innocence " included in a compilation of the best concert performances by this quartet rather than a whole release of this mediocre concert . for the most part here , we get hum-drum mountains , where many of the great riffs from the releases mentioned above are handled like a shaky old butler serving up tea , with people getting burned and tablecloths getting ruined . in particular , garbarek 's performance on " nude ants " is far superior to this one and maybe the mean streets of greenwich village got his " norwegian up . " maybe they were n't so sure if they were going to make it back to the hotel alive - new york used to be like this you know - and , well , it just might be your last gig . on " personal mountains , " it 's all polite " thank yous " and japanese clapping robotically . not a tinkling glass of booze in the whole schmooze . not even a bonze meditating for more . but , that manfred eicher , such a card , i tell you . 
music neg 500.txt i tried to listen to samples of the songs and you have them all wrong . i click on one song and get another from on the list . what gives anyway 
music neg 136.txt all i got to say about this is that dudes need to stop making this kinds of records cuz this is not hip hop , its not what ll , rakim , krs-one , kool g rap , ice t , ice cube , nwa , and ( rip ) big and pac , started . we as fan have the power to end this buy simply not buying the album . please do not buy this , this fake rap is got to sto 
music neg 760.txt hate to say it , but this is pretty drab stuff . that said , i 'm hardly about to complain ; how could i ? this was obviously written for a film ( that i have no interest in seeing ) , and mogwai just released ' mr. beast ' , a solid ( if unspectacular ) album earlier this year . i kind of see ' zidane ' as a gift , then . looking at the whole thing from that perspective , it 's impossible to be letdown . but then , retaining much emotion out of this composition is downright difficult . mogwai , when channeling the right energies , create sublime , beautiful music - - truly as beautiful as any form of modern music , to my ears . when they 're a bit more ambiguous , though , the results tend to float in limbo and lack direction . ' zindane ' seems to possess certain elements of both these characteristics to an extent , but the result is surprisingly dull - - at best , it 's pretty ; at worst , it 's utterly monotonous . the ideas are here , too ; it 's not that ' zindane ' lacks drive or intent . it is a focused work . yet , it 's obvious , i think , that the music , contrary to most film scores , desires to refrain from emotional manipulation . while that 's admirable , i find that musically , i 'd much rather be manipulated than dazed ; this is literally music to listen to whilst on painkillers . there are a few nice themes and motifs , do n't get me wrong , but this is all underscore - - mogwai , in the best way possible , has a great gift at handling melodrama , and here they never appear to be guided by the dramatic light . i wo n't sway anyone from attempting to get ' zidane ' , but i would n't hand it out to anyone unexposed to mogwai in some hopes of garnishing their admiration . no , for that , i would naturally lead them to one of their many fine studio albums . for , mogwai is a band , after all - - they are not jerry goldsmith or ennio morricone . for those unaware , mogwai performed much of the score for the recently released film ' the fountain ' - - though they did not write any of the actual material , from what i 've gathered - - and as a musical experience , the soundtrack release for that album absolutely blows ' zidane ' out of the water . in my opinion , it even beats out ' mr. beast ' , so impatient fans who need a fresh dose of mogwai ' oughta check that one out for sure 
music neg 879.txt this young woman has a fine coloratura soprano voice , albeit a little underpowered , but she simply has no understanding of musical architecture . there is too much emphasis on virtuosic technique and no regard at all for musical subtleties . in fact , i suspect the only reason this little filly was favored over so many of her betters is that she looks mighty tasty in that skimpy frock and short-shorts . once again , sex sells and the vox vulgus dominates at the expense of true art 
music neg 335.txt wow , i can not believe that two of the best songs of the film were cut off . 1. - rock and roll part ii ( gary glitter ) and 2.-get it on ( t . rex ) . the rest has been said in the other costumers reviews . 
music neg 645.txt this is what you want ( 1983 ) was a terrible album from john lydon and martin atkins . after an rift between keith levene and john lydon occured during the recording of the demo tracks , atkins and lydon ran keith off and he quit the band . instead of keeping him on the finished tracks , atkins and lydon removed levene and pete jones ( the band 's studio bassist ) from the audio tracks and re-recorded them with members from their holiday inn band ( lydon hired members from a covers band who performed at a new jersey holiday inn ) . the new tracks and horrible . all of the guitar riffs and rhythm section that were originally recorded for the future album were erased . noise and other unwelcomed sounds were added to the tracks . the original tracks were far superior ( even in their basic state ) to what was released . to hear them you 'll have to find the commercial zone lp . the failure of this disc and the bickering between atkins and lydon would cause the band to become a solo project for the former anarchy king . not recommended 
music neg 478.txt i loved her first album but this one is the same old same old rehashed time and time again she has reached her limits i 'm afriad 
music neg 35.txt is there anything more sanctimonious than filming your last concert and inviting a bunch of fellow overrated hacks ( clapton , neil diamond , joni mitchell ) to the occasion , as if it 's some monumental event ? please ! as if the band were anything worthwhile in the first place . sorry , but the whole concept of a bunch of canadians ( well , four of five anyway ) writing this stuff about americana always came across to me as pretentious - - and it does n't get much worse than that stupid shot of levon helm wheezing through " the night they drove old dixie down . " these guys were just the beneficiaries of rolling stone / elitist rock critic propaganda . ( and to think they made fun of prog bands for writing inane lyrics - - huh ! ) i think martin newell put it best when he called the band " dreadful bearded ghastliness . " 
music neg 190.txt ya , abomination to god also set it right in his worthy review . i remember the days where this panzy was praised and all of you ate that " one call away " and " right thurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr " garbage . does 2 stars explain anything ? this apparently is equal to that d4l s*** , which is actually the lowest of the low . anyways , did n't i tell you chingy would die one year after -jackpot - hit ? now that he 's dead , everybodies focused on t-pain , oh s*** ! 
music neg 721.txt only way you are gonna like this music is if you are some depressed emo kid who listens to punk rock music just because it is punk , and you think that 'll make you cool . this cd just does n't display musical talent , maybe originality , but this is not high quality music 
music neg 704.txt inspiring ? no ! pleasant ? no ! entertaining ? no ! worthwhile ? no ! what are you folks sniffing out there anyway ? whatever it is , please consider passing it along , because other than the single authentic and melodic track by patsy cline ( i.e. , back in baby 's arms , which is available on a zillion other collections including some of her own ) , this cd does n't have an ounce of redeeming musical , lyrical or social value in my view . nada ! zip ! even the dylan track is junk ! the entire cd is essentially drivel , put to the dull , homicide-provoking sound of endless , droning noise , with an overall signal-to-noise ratio of about one ( 1.0 ) ! ! ! what a waste of an a-to-d converter 
music neg 945.txt carter burwell 's soundtrack music to & quot ; rob roy&quot ; was an early sign that he was not just getting it right . the score is all wrong but so is the movie . this movie needed an uplifting score . carter burwell could not deliver it 
music neg 489.txt unfortunately ttd went off the deep end on this album . consequently he put off many fans from buying the brilliant next album & quot ; symphony or damn&quot ; and the superb follow up & quot ; vibrator&quot ; . if you loved the first album , give this one a miss and get the two i just mentioned . come on ttd hurry up and release a new album 
music neg 659.txt 2nd time . 
music neg 409.txt ...when you 're gearing up for suicide . this whole album sounds like the last thoughts and comments of a person who 's going to just end it all . i found myself suffering nightmares , fatigue , misery and paranoia . my ears unclogged but i started getting headaches and a fuzzy feel in my head . this is not a good album for the stressed , because it will just make you feel worse . i find this album unlikable and mostly unenjoyable . when i first listened to it it sounded inaccessable , after listening to it more and more i started to get more " into " it , but i ca n't say i found it a good place to be in . it 's a somewhat interesting album , but it mostly just dragged me down , made me nervous , numb and hurt my head . people say this is great music . let them say what they want . give me some old fashioned enjoyable music that does n't make a pest of itself . kid a is just ok to me , and has n't been worth all the effort to " get into " . this almost seems like a sadomasochistic album to spank the listeners . i do n't know , maybe i 'm missing something , but to hear some " weird " music like this that has miles more heart and is alot kinder to the ears , try " passengers " by u2. and thom york sings like a muppet on this album . by the way i 've enjoyed radiohead 's first three albums quite a bit ( including pablo honey - - why are people always busting its chops ) . 
music neg 192.txt can this be the same d-12 that packed in witty rhymes in a non-serious demeaner ? well , i guess this really does prove they are only a side-show . eminem has different production , so the group will have different production . eminem went more serious , now the group is more serious . besides that , shady himself ( or what is left of what he use to be ) is basically a no-show . in any track eminem 's in , it 's usually the strongest , and that is the case here ; however , that does n't mean he was great . that means the cd itself is misconfusion , contradiction , and a side-show for eminem 's next cd ( " encore " , which was better then this , but not that great overall , as well ) . d-12 is the commercials to the eminem show , everyone 's just waiting to get in between them . that 's the case here 
music neg 803.txt my two parakeets seem to enjoy this cd a bit , but if you want a cd for relaxing listening , be prepared to be irritated . i tried to go to sleep listening to it one night . i had to turn it off because it just got on my nerves.....i kept thinking it was stuck....like a record stuck in a grrove . it sometimes seems they recorded it by just hitting the & quot ; repeat&quot ; button on a couple of bird sounds . i think i could have done that . i 'm just glad it did n't cost a lot , but now i can see why . sorry for such a bad review , but i just had to tell anyone planning on buying it . i now just play it for my birds when i am not in the room 
music neg 793.txt i bought guerolito after hearing " heaven hammer , " the remixed version of guero 's " missing . " that remix , by air , is the sort of product that makes remixes valid - it takes the passion and yearning lost in the original production of " missing " and makes it feel at home in a louder , more tempting sonic landscape . that song became astonishing where the guero song was simply alright , and the new song , " clap hands , " is at least a good time . however , it 's hard to swallow the cobbled remixes on the rest of guerolito - the beat and the original of , say , " earthquake weather , " ( here as " terromoto tempo " ) are both individually appealing enough , but together sound dismayingly like they 're from different planets and belong nowhere near each other . " e-pro " becomes a groaning mess , the lovely " farewell ride " an electronic nightmare , and both those descrptions would be apt to describe the record as a whole 
music neg 258.txt kate moss ? that gawddamn rollerskate song ? oh , no . the spoken tracks are equally repelling . there is really no atmosphere to this album 
music neg 448.txt it has been nearly three months and i have yet to receive the subject michael henderson cd . amazon should not be offering this item for sale , if they do not have access to a supplier 
music neg 29.txt layla is one of the most overrated songs of all time . cream is one of the most boring bands in history . why not do yourself a favour and buy enjoyable bands like dire straits , and metallica who rock . ps.this clapton compilation has no good songs so please do n't buy it at all 
music neg 488.txt i guess i was expecting more of a ferrante and teicher thing with more than one piano going at a time ... could be that it is but , if so , am missing depth ... great family but disappointing albu 
music neg 55.txt bought this cd based upon the reviews and the fact that they were recommended with some other albums i like , and man , what a mistake . this cd borders on unlistenable , with no discernable melody / talent to be found . i 'm hardly some ignorant pop-music lover...i consider " blueberry boat " to be one of my favorite records - but this is just horrible 
music neg 890.txt i am completly shocked at how high the scores for this album are on amazon . trust me , i am not someone who claims to be a music expert , but i am a big fan of jam / funk and jazz fusion . i play bass , i understand music , and umphrey 's is among my favorite bands ( others include 311 , widespread panic , deep banana blackout , red hot chili peppers , soulive , medeski martin wood ) . in general i am open to all kinds of funky music , and umphrey 's usually puts out . in my opinion , this band had the talent and unique sound to become the next generation of funk ( following the red hot chili peppers and 311 ) . with this album i was expecting them to develop their sound from anchor drops into an album that could achieve mainstream success like rhcp 's blood sex sugar magic did , while staying true to their unique roots in jazz , blues , rock and even some metal . like i said , they fuse genres like no one else can...this album , however , was a complete failure in the areas i have described above . first off , i can understand how reviewers point to the production quality , and the musical talent displayed throughout the album . umphreys mcgee is insanely talented , and no effort could hide that from the listener . however , to be blunt this album is boring as hell , has no funk or rock in it period , and is frankly somewhat depressing . if your expecting wild guitar improv , explosive beats and fun , uplifting music- -ignore this album . if you are a fan of umphrey 's live show and their past albums- -ignore this album . if you tend to be willing to overlook production quality in search of funkier , jazzier guitar rifs and bass experimentation- -do not buy this album . the only way i can summate this album is that its a typical indy type album . slow songs without enough music , little variance from song to song , depressing lyrics , and a slow pace . some say this is umphreys showing their full range , i say this is them bottling up their range in a more mainstream package that is not all that enjoyable . the only reason i wrote this review is that im amazed by the other reviews on this page . i wish i had never heard this album , it is a pathetic effort from a band as experimental and fun as umphreys mcgee . they missed a golden opportunity to come out with the next great funk compilation , this album is a step in the wrong direction . i strong advise the listener who likes to be entertained by music , rather than production quality and introspective lyrics , to steer way clear of this album . this was a massive dissappointment beyond any album release i have ever heard ( including by the way from rhcp , which is an achievement in musical creativity compared to safety in numbers ) 
music neg 947.txt this album was released in 1999. and now , seven years later , this album does not even matter . britney spears is remembered not for her musical talent but for her inability to parent a child . great music lasts dozens of years for its complexity , innovation , creativity , and ability to transcend cultures and generations . great music stirs something inside the listener , and matters to the person who created it . britney spears and the ridiculous product that her record companies have created is none of these things . it saddens me to see the number of copies an album such as this sells originally . and yet , the great albums of all times sell thousands of copies years - decades , even - after their release . music like this , britney spears and her peers , disappears into the folds of time . it does not matter . 
music neg 608.txt i received a cd , the tango cd ( the best tango album in the world ever ) was defectuous , since it plays alright until the 12th song , but then the songs starts giving weird tones . and the 2nd cd acts the same way , since my tango album is a double cd.the problem is not from the radio , since my other purchase from amazon is in good shape , as al my other cds . the music always stops playing right at the same time of the cd , the 12 th song , so its pretty much a cd problem . i dunno whats the refund policy , or customer service number , its so bad , cos this tango cd is great . i enjoyed it much , until........ . th 
music neg 556.txt i just purchased my sacd player and picked up boston and billy joel 's the stranger at the same time . after listening to the stranger , my mouth dropped . billy 's voice coming from the center speaker and all the other instruments and melodies coming from every different direction . then i put in boston and could n't tell a difference from the cd version i already own . i think it 's one of the best albums , but if you already own it on cd , do n't bother upgrading - there 's nothing special about the sacd version 
music neg 903.txt i heard from a number of people that amon amarth were an excellent death metal band , so with that in mind , i though i 'd try osftgh . what i hear , and it certainly seems i 'm missing out on something , is sloppy musicianship and poor songwriting . just because you have mead dripping from your beard , and you scream out lyrics that contain , no mercy , vengeance and " it 's your time to die " does not mean you can create " authentic " viking / metal . these idiots could definitely take lessons from : enslaved , manegarm , falkenbach to name a few . do n't fall for the hype ! 
music neg 85.txt i used to like good charlotte , enough that i bought this cd , but i really do n't like them at all anymore . they try to look all punk , but they are pop . they whine a lot . i think it 's time to get over the fact that their dad left and they were uncool . they should at least stop doing songs about it . they have some ok melodies and words , but for the most part all their songs sound the same . good charlottes first two cd 's were almost good , but this one is bad and really whiny 
music neg 251.txt am i the only ones who actually liked nelly 's first album , i thought it had charm , style , grandier to me and kind of scale and kind of importance , you thought it mean something , but this is just a lame gimmick from the start , i mean there are some moments and some good songs ( including the sexy and very funny music video hot in herre with cedric the entertainer ) , but the rest are just horrible , there is nothing else about this album that i can engage with nor cared about and who cares ? country grammer was funny and good , this one 's an utter disaster . one of the worst albums of the decade . 
music neg 315.txt " what 's up " , the catchy song with the acousitc guitar out of tune ( which , i always thought , would have been the perfect song for heart ) , is the only thing good here . the rest of this album is a mess . linda perry has , of course , gone on to better things 
music neg 834.txt usually jerry 's scores for movies are priceless , ( i.e. the other score for & quot ; legend&quot ; ) but rudy is a little bit too unoriginal and the feelings meant to be expressed seem much too&quot ; forced&quot ; for my taste.it 's ok as a weird sort of comedy album , i suppose , but from the main theme i was laughing because it 's meant to be such a serious experience-but is n't ! i think that only the biggest goldsmith efficianado could find joy in this cd . ( . 
music neg 953.txt this is as bad as the film.in fact just like the film the soundtrack is the same old formula.will&amp ; his movies&amp ; music never change the same old beat.the rest of the soundtrack is just as bad.unoriginal&amp ; boring.what a waste of kool moe dee 
music neg 587.txt there 's nothing outrageous about the title song - it 's a lame , mind-numbing piece of crap compared to many other songs found on the " in the zone " album : imagine " breathe on me " , " touch of my hand " or " shadow " on constant radio play or running on mtv . and no , we 're not apparently going to have that because britney 's precious time was wasted in incorporating this bore of a song into a single and even attempting a video out of it , like we know ended up in britney 's injury . for nothing . fortunately for this single , it 's got the already legendary " toxic " and a marvelous vocal mix version of " everytime " - another star for that . 
music neg 78.txt know here is man with absoultely no lyrical skills baby dont get with a wanksta good girl wants a gangsta what about girls just want normal people no way can anybody like slim thug everybody likes a pimp onli weird and freakish people do slim thug isnt a thug if he was he would be in jail studo gangsta gangst 
music neg 888.txt first show on broadway i ever left at intermission . i bought the tickets because i did n't think i could go wrong seeing a show directed by strohman , starring craig bierko who was fantastic in music man and was flat flat flat in this show , and music by harry connick jr. whom i have loved forever . it taught me that everything has it 's place and harry 's place is not a broadway stage . i hope for his sake , he does not try again . if i could rate something at zero stars , this would get that rating 
music neg 424.txt quality is poor . some songs are not playing . avoid buying @amazon 
music neg 861.txt i was prepared to spend the original $26.05 list price for this motion picture soundtrack . at that price it was already the most expensive out of 12 cds ordered . i was refunded the money to " the last starfighter " due to an error listing . when i went to re-order , the new price is $49.95. what a joke ! someone is pocketing an incredibly high profit margin . i would love to have focussed my comments on the actual composition , but until it is sold at a fair price , i will reserve my rating 
music neg 244.txt if you are looking for boring , lifeless adult contemporary music , then this cd is for you . if you are looking for a great guitar cd , this is n't it . i had such high hopes for this cd after the robert johnson cds and the cream reunion , but all winning streaks must come to an end , and clapton 's comes to a screeching halt with this . of all the eric clapton cds that i like , this is n't one of them . i 'm glad clapton is now in a happy place ( and deservedly so ) , but this cd just does n't do it for me 
music neg 668.txt i am a hater , to the core . i hate puffy and thats all it is to it . now there , you do n't have to say it.so on to the review . first off every lyrical line puffy spit in this album was outdone by everybody . every track he had the weakest flow and the worst rhymes . and thats the truth . i do n't know how true this is , but i heard loon was behind most of puffy 's lines on this album . so that should explain the utter wackness in his lyrics . the truth is i do n't care who writes his lines . it could be tupac and nas doin it , since its not them spittin it , then it actually takes away from the rhymes itself . almost this entire album is filler . the best tracks is real n**** and journey through my life . i really did n't feel that beat a whole lot but nas and beanie 's verses was off the hook . however that is not enough for me to give this album more than one star . now i love mc lyte and public enemy , but they should get smacked in the back of they heads with crowbars for lettin him mutilate their classics . thats not musical artistry , thats butcher work . fake thug dedication really gets under my skin . the title alone . no disrespect to biggie as an artist cause i do like him still . but they put a diss on tupac on life after death after he died , then denied it for years . so perhaps the fake thug dedication should be to him , cause thats some sucker s***. i did n't hear his latest album , i 'm not going to review it , i did n't even visit that section . if you a fan of this guy , then you gon cop this and his new one regardless . if you like me and hate just about everything he puts out , you wo n't be caught within a mile of that s*** 
music neg 590.txt first , here are some general positives about jaci velasquez : - she is a very gifted singer . her vocal range is top-notch - definitely on par with mariah carey and christina aguilera . - she is beautiful . and unlike a previous reviewer , i do not consider the recognition of this attribute to be a sign of shallowness but rather a display of appreciation for feminine beauty . i like beautiful singing voices . i like beautiful women . there 's no difference . - she has great spiritual depth . her music reflects key spiritual themes such as love , faith and joy . now , here 's a critique of the cd : i listened to all the music samples ( as you can do as well ) and only one song caught my attention - " lay it down " . the other tracks have too much of a hard rock sound and were too experimental for my taste . but the song " lay it down " was different . it sounded more acoustic , more in the style of folk rock - a genre that reflects my personal preference in pop music . i found the sound clip of " lay it down " to be intriguing because it reminded me of a hit song in the 1970 's - eric carmen 's " all by myself " , later covered by celine dion in 1996. " all by myself " is a ballad having a soft , understated introductory verse with an explosive chorus . the sample clip of " lay it down " appears to be in the same mold . it has a soft , understated introductory verse ; however , it seems to lack an explosive chorus . listen to the sample and hear it for yourself . the introductory verse is closing with the following lyrics : " all of my hopes and my dreams and my best laid plans are slowly slipping through my folded hands " so far , so good . there 's only a piano and a violin accompanying jaci 's soft vocals . next , the song appears to be moving from the verse to the chorus and you hear the following lyrics : " so i 'm gonna lay it down i 'm gonna learn to trust you now " now here 's a problem . i am expecting to hear the beginning of an emotional outburst - an opportunity for a singer with the pipes of jaci velasquez to showcase her voice . but it is not forthcoming . why ? this intrigued me and i wanted to hear the whole song but i did not want to purchase a cd for only one song . luckily , i discovered that a compilation cd of jaci velasquez 's best songs was released recently and it contained " lay it down " . great ! i bought the cd - " on my knees : the best of jaci velasquez " . this is what i discovered after listening to " lay it down " . - the first time through the verse and the chorus , the song is definitely understated . we simply have the accompaninment of a piano and a violin with jaci 's soft vocals . - the second time through the verse and the chorus , a drum beat is introduced and jaci begins to let some emotion out beginning in the middle of the verse and when the song moves into the chorus a complete emotional outburst occurs . but somewhat to my dismay , this is not the same voice that i am expecting from jaci velasquez . her voice was more raspy and raw ( actually , it was sounding more like demi moore or tara reid , not that that is necessarily bad ) . furthermore , she appeared to be struggling . is this the same voice that was soaring effortlessly through the stratosphere on songs such as " on my knees " , " speak for me " , and " adore " ? is jaci velasquez losing her voice ? i do n't know but i find it very difficult to imagine that a young woman in her mid-20 's is losing her voice . she is entering her prime . barring a health issue , this just does n't happen . " lay it down " is actually a pretty good song . in fact , i am almost of the opinion that it may be her best . i certainly find myself listening to this song more than any of her others . " lay it down " has the same message as the beatles ' classic " let it be " . the words are different but both songs share the same sentiment . actually , now that i think of it...they do share a couple of words in common...the words " let it be " . here are the closing lyrics : " i 'm gonna let it be , i 'm gonna let it go i 'm gonna lay it down " the essential lesson being conveyed is learning to " let go and let god " - a profound spiritual insight . something that each of us here is learning . this song is heartfelt and gut-wrenching . and though her voice is struggling through it , the song , nevertheless , works out its magic . i gave this cd 2 stars because i think jaci velasquez is attempting to redefine her music style and has not succeeded . interestingly enough , her best sound was her first cd - un lugar celestial ( a heavenly place ) . bring back the spanish / flamenco guitar and develop a more acoustic sound . in my opinion , the acoustic sound is more spiritual . keep the piano and electric bass guitar but dispense with the hard rock electric guitar and synthesized sound effects . develop a latin folk rock sound with an element of jazz . hire a good saxophonist or a trumpet player . emphasize ballads . that should do the trick 
music neg 219.txt that this great music sounds so awful on this cd . i wanted an introduction to kate bush 's music , and this cd seemed a very good way to start . when i put it on , i could n't believe how muffled and dull it sounded . i could swear i 'm listening to the music through a wall of cotton . i went to the existing reviews here on amazon , and , sure enough , ferrara brain pan 's spot-on review stated exactly what i was feeling upon listening to these recordings . it is inexcusable that an artist of bush 's stature is represented in such poor technical fashion - and a shame , considering how good the songs are . another little beef is that the cd clocks in at under 49 minutes - in other words , there 's room for 30 more minutes of music , which i 'm certain could have been well-used , considering the vastness of her catalogue . i will be looking for the remastered individual albums , but if i did n't know how good kate bush was outside of the context provided by this butchered collection , i would n't bother buying any more of her material . shame on emi for allowing this . i give it two stars ( instead of one ) simply because the music is so very good 
music neg 817.txt i did n't really feel like some of the songs were really love songs . a lot of these songs i had not even heard before . 
music neg 349.txt ...when you 're gearing up for suicide . this whole album sounds like the last thoughts and comments of a person who 's going to just end it all . i found myself suffering nightmares , fatigue , misery and paranoia . my ears unclogged but i started getting headaches and a fuzzy feel in my head . this is not a good album for the stressed , because it will just make you feel worse . i find this album unlikable and mostly unenjoyable . when i first listened to it it sounded inaccessable , after listening to it more and more i started to get more " into " it , but i ca n't say i found it a good place to be in . it 's a somewhat interesting album , but it mostly just dragged me down , made me nervous , numb and hurt my head . people say this is great music . let them say what they want . give me some old fashioned enjoyable music that does n't make a pest of itself . kid a is just ok to me , and has n't been worth all the effort to " get into " . this almost seems like a sadomasochistic album to spank the listeners . i do n't know , maybe i 'm missing something , but to hear some " weird " music like this that has miles more heart and is alot kinder to the ears , try " passengers " by u2. and thom york sings like a muppet on this album . by the way i 've enjoyed radiohead 's first three albums quite a bit ( including pablo honey - - why are people always busting its chops ) . 
music neg 763.txt while i love billie , in her own words , these sessions were dull , and uninspired . since the reviews should focus on one cd , that is the jist of it ; boring renditions , and back up musicians that are not the ones that billie was used to making for a very uneven collection 
music neg 186.txt clipped , petite and looking more like a leather bar anne murray , crow drags out the hits and the ` friends ' for this all-star live bash . half the album is standard issue and straight ahead stage sweat with the morning beer-buzz afficiando going it alone without a little help from her friends ( all i wanna do , everyday is a winding road , a change would do you good , leaving las vegas ) . with only slight variations on these overplayed originals ( a sychopantic crowd and some tinkering with the rhythms ) crow 's solo chores rarely rate more than a grudging ho-hum . the rest of the album is a parade of snap-on tools ( dixie chicks , stevie nicks , eric clapton , sarah mclachlan , chrissie hynde ) who easily steal the spotlight from their downhome hash-slinging waitress / host . reduced to the role of supporting guitarist , crow butters the toast from the sidelines as femme contemporaries like nicks ( who unravels admirably on gold dust woman ) , hynde and mclachlan flounder about the mike in a haphazard hit ( hynde 's if it makes you happy ) -and-miss ( mclachlan 's the difficult kind ) headbutt at crow 's hits . but it is n't until clapton 's suspendered , cigar-chomping husk is rolled out to update cream 's white room that the sour stench of monstrous micalculation reaches it 's devastating climax . fresh from watering the daisies and still in his jammies , clapton 's return to the electric psychedelics of his paleolithic past is a fumbling bumbling fiasco unleashed with the grace and finesse of a diarrhetic brontosaurus . it 's horrifying to think that this is what cream would have sounded like if they had n't broken up . thank god for egos . it 's almost a relief to hear richards mindlessly croak his way through the old stones exile-era toss-off happy , as if a cadaverous ex-junkie with the durability of a cockroach and nine lives would be anything but . besides , richards provides wonderful comic relief and criticizing his artistic capacity is as futile as pointing out the flaws in the bandages on an egyptian mummy . the wrapper finds the entire gang , from spanky nicks to buckwheat clapton , joining hands for a bizarre entreaty with a kindergarten rendition of dylan 's tombstone blues - a fitting finale if there ever was one 
music neg 80.txt i had never heard leonard cohen 's music but saw references to it frequently when looking at other singers / songwriters . given his status / reputation i thought i should get this cd and learn what all the fuss was about . having had no preconceptions , i have to say i was quite disappointed . i think the music has not aged well and is pretty unremarkable . perhaps the style liberated others to pursue new directions but the work in and of itself is ho hum at best . specific example that speaks volumes : listen to cohen 's singing of his " hallelujah " and then listen to jeff buckley 's cover of that song on " grace " which was recorded in 1994. sorry , leonard , you cannot hold even a birthday-sized candle to jeff buckley 's rendition of your own song . it is a very unflattering comparison that pretty much put the first and last nail in the coffin for my appreciation of cohen 's legacy . " tant pis , vers le bonheur . 
music neg 61.txt this album is the worst dcfc album , why........ . ill tell you why its boring , its repetitive , its way to mellow and im all for mellow but this is ridculous . i mean this is the type of mellow that puts people to sleep , especially the last track . oh my god ! ! ! that song is sooooo boring , its called stability and it will put you to sleep . i am a fan of dfcf and i loved their other albums we have the facts , plans , etc.... . but honestly this album did not click with me . i tried listing to the songs again to see if i would probably grow accustome to it , but no that didnt work . sure this album has its moments , but trust me when i say your not missing out on anything . i would not buy the album , instead buy the 2 stand out songs off itunes or napster ; a movie script ending and we laugh indoors . the only 2 stand out tracks 
music neg 157.txt sarah brightman is one of my all time favorite artists . but this disc is just a complete waste . it is missing so much , and has too many songs that do n't belong . like the phantom songs . as much as i love them , save them for the andrew llyod webber collections . ca n't we have a nice singles collection with just her solo works starting from " dive " ? her " classics " album had it right . except their version of " captain nemo " was the rip off live version . and this cd does n't even have the captain nemo song , which is a huge fan favorite , and definitly was a single . it is also missing how can heaven love me , eden , harem , and beautiful . all singles as well . save your money . either buy the " classics " album for a somewhat better compilation , or just make your own mix like i did . because sarah has so many wonderful songs ( and quite a few bad ones i will admit ) and it seems on here they give you some bad ones ( like requium and nella fantasia ) , and leave out the good ones . " it 's a beautiful day " and " what you never know " are good , but are the weakest songs form harem . why on earth would you leave out " harem " and " beautiful " , but leave on beautiful day and wynk ? whoever put this set list together must have not put much thought into it and is just trying to cash in . i bet sarah did n't have much say in this compilation . this is just a waste . beautiful album cover though 
music neg 313.txt i forgot how bad this album was until i popped it into my cd player the other day . it seems like every song has one or two parts that are totally killer , followed by 3-4 minutes of boredom . the song " epic problem " is good throughout , and full disclosure is excellent except for the horrible screamed verses . strangelight is awesome too , and not very typical of fugazi . the kill is also good in the same way , it 's very chilled out . past these few standout tracks ( which would n't be standouts at all on any other album of theirs ) there is n't much reason to listen to the album . it 's incredibly boring . i suggest picking up any other fugazi album first , maybe 13 songs , red medicine or in on the kill taker 
music neg 279.txt god , i ca n't believe this guy . ja rule was never a gangsta in his life , he ca n't talk gangsta . and stop trying to be like tupac , tupac actually was a gangsta . your a fake and if he was still alive he would not only not role with you but diss you so badly you 'd wet your pants . this guy should be booted out of the game , not only his he lying when he talks all this gangsta s*** as if he went through it , his ruining hip hop . yeah and ja , stop dissing eminem and 50. you know perfectly well that they 'd kill you in a battle anyday . ja rule has always been s***. go listen to real rap 
music neg 956.txt what an outrageous group , how can anyone like this rubbish . maybe an horde of brainless people . how i feel happy in being intelligent , and live my life with things of absolute quality and not consuming this kind of food for mediocres . how said romans , " it 's just bread and circus to the poors " . give to people what they deserve , rubbish ! it 's because you mediocre people that buy this , that this kind of people , the members of this group , get money and laughs behind the scenes about how dumb people can be . it 's the same horde that buy , beyonce , spears , madona , and other outrageous poor music . 
music neg 832.txt bobby bare is a great singer , one of the most underrated country singers ever . however , most of the songs on this cd pale in comparison to his earlier work like & quot ; detroit city&quot ; and & quot ; millers cave&quot ; 
music neg 509.txt 1. let 's get it started : d- . why not start now 17 with a bad song ? 2. lean back : f . continuing until futher notice.. . 3. goodies : f . 4. i like that : f . 5. ch-check it out : c- . beastie boys are n't that good anymore . 6. my place : f . starting to continue again.. . 7. sunshine : f . 8. you & me : f . 9. why ? : f . 10. locked up : f . 11. baby it 's you : f . 12. angels : f . 13. one thing : d- . 14. dare you to move : d- . 15. cold : a+. alert ! alert ! we have issued a good song ! 16. pieces of me : a+. gotta love ash. 17. take me out : a+. awesome ! 18. 1985 : b- . it 's just ok . 19. here for the party : f . eww ! 20. days go by : f . country sucks ! another now futuring only 4 good songs , " cold " , " take me out " , " pieces of me " , and " 1985 " . skip this one 
music neg 474.txt my dj side : i actually had to stop the music , open the tray on the cd player then check whether i had the right cd1 down-tempo in , or some other cd that my wife played before as the music was so not what i was expecting , sounding more like deep forest than jvm . to my surprise , it was jimmy 's balance 10. i decided to keep an open mind and listen to it anyway . i went to sleep after the 4th track . the next day i decided to listen to the second cd ( mid tempo ) . again i stopped the music , opened the tray on the cd player then checked whether i had the ( mid tempo cd ) in instead of the down-tempo i was playing the night before . sure enough , the ( mid tempo ) was what i had in the player , but did not sound much different than the lullabies i was listening to on cd1. when the mid-tempo was over , i thought to myself " well , this would be very nice for an upcoming relaxing dinner with friends " . the next day i had high hopes for the up tempo cd , cause well , as the name implies , it should be where the beats and treats are . but no . not really . the only reason i did n't freak out from listening to the 1st and 2nd cd of jimmy van m 's balance release is because for three days i kept telling myself that there is an up tempo cd . i did n't mind cd1&2 out of place pop tracks , i did n't mind the different types of music being played in sequence , or rather , out of sequence . i did n't mind hotel lobby music that reminded me of a hotel i stayed in two years ago in vienna . all this will be forgivable when i hear the up-tempo , because i was so sure it 's going to be awesome . unfortunately , i was not quite right about my assumptions . things did not start happening until track 5 ( the reducer 2 ) , i do n't really need some 4 tracks on the third cd to get me warmed up . jimmy warmed me up for 37 tracks before that , in his down + mid-tempo crap . for the most part , this production of the balance series - especially the first 41 tracks in sequence - churned out some of the most lethargic , way too slow and boring music that could be described , at best , as lullabies for grown ups . as for the last 9 tracks of the up-tempo , it is actually - dare i say - decent enough , but way too late , and even worse , ended prematurely . it should have been re-arranged with tracks in reverse order on every cd to be as follows : ( cd3 ) up-tempo should have been ( cd1 ) renamed ( in the car from club to home ) , ( cd2 ) mid-tempo should have been renamed ( at home in the living room ) and finally ( cd1 ) down-tempo should have been ( cd3 ) renamed ( in your bedroom ) . this just makes more sense . the reason i say this is due to the disproportionate figures of dance tracks given to us ( 9 ) to the rest of the sleepy , mellow ones ( 41 ) . for example , chill out house almost always start with a faster track or two then goes on to be slower gradually . i have never come across a chill cd that opened with 10 fast tracks and ended with 03 slow ones , that 's not chill . jvm balance did exactly that ; took forever to ascend to a certain point , then crashed almost immediately . what gives ? half star for cd1 half star for cd2 3 stars for cd3 my human side : dance music is not the only type of beautiful music out there , duh ! jimmy made that very clear in this release . if you want to listen to a wide range of ( not bad ! ) music , then balance 10 is for you . dive in jvm selection of what he thinks makes us human ; expressions of the soul that goes beyond our daily necessities to survive . as a matter of fact , we do n't even need music ( or any type of arts for that matter ) to survive at all . still we listen to it , we crave it and for many people their livelihood depends on it . music can represent our feelings , desires and wishes , and with jvm deep forest like music here ( as i mentioned before ) i ca n't help but wonder if he is going through a certain period in his life where spirituality and oneness with the world is a priority . i think it shows . 
music neg 649.txt this was for a friend and i have no feedbac 
music neg 325.txt a friend who knows my taste in music recommended vnv nation to me , so i got matter + form based on the reviews . in one sense i like it . the production is excellent and i find every track to be creative and unique . but i hate the vocals and so i ca n't bear to listen to the cd . this dude has the worst voice in music history . 
music neg 312.txt i ca n't believe some of the songs on this soundtrack...they are horrible pieces of s$# ! ? * &%# ! #$ ! there are a couple good ones , but its not worth spending the money on for the c.d , not even at a used price.i ca n't believe they did'nt put " low rider " on the soundtrack , how cheap is that 
music neg 167.txt no strings attached is to my memory one of the worst albums ever made.no one listens to the stupid boy bands anymore.this piece of c@#p does not sell even a thousand copies today unless the previous reviewer is buying up all the million copies himself.dont buy any album from n stync or the equally horrible justin timberlake.get any beatles album instead 
music neg 395.txt i gave this a good listen , but did not find it all that funny ... or memorable 
music neg 283.txt i remember listening to this years ago , and i thought i would add this to my cd library , now i know why it has been years sense i 've listened to it , , very sqeaky , dull , slow paced stuff , bob segar makes this stuff sound like tin foil. . 
music neg 133.txt listening to this album made me question my own life . it is simply unoriginal , boring and really bad . save your money 
music neg 799.txt mercifully , vh-1 has n't released the nauseating , moron-targeting ' i love the 90s ' dvd series ( yet ) , so you 'll have to settle for a similarly appalling companion soundtrack disc . this is precisely the kind of cd which should n't even exist anymore given the availability of this material on the internet , legal or illegal . there 's no rhyme or reason to the collection , and the songs you might actually want to remember...you probably already downloaded them . the source show is easily one of the most appalling projects mtv / vh-1 has produced in some time . it 's basically a bunch of ' comedians ' and third-tier celebrities talking about the 80s or 90s ( or rather , the highlights of what corporate product was released in 1996 , say ) with such fond memories and gusto , hoping the next generation ingests this poison with the understanding that mambo no . 5 was a ' good , memorable song ' for instance . avoid at all costs . take pleasure in denying tag team their royalties when you find their ' classic ' song on online...for free 
music neg 226.txt although prince is an utter genious ! this cd is merely a boring contract filler . i suggest you buy one of his older albums or the new album " musicology " instead 
music neg 949.txt ignore the unique cover , clever song idea ( there is 30 ) which represent a comic book . ignore all that . it simply is not good . what is this ? i dont even know how to describe this music . it 's not even songs , but more a bunch of really short experimental , non-sensequel , inerworkings of annoyance . they will start off with a riff as if they are going on to a song , but its only a tease , until they stop and go slow , to say , " get on with it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! " add a bunch of zany sound effects , not to mention the recurring anoyance of a high pitched voice ringing out , sci-fi clips and completly hoarse vocals that are screams , and sounds , that add up , to one of the most pointless albums ever put out 
music neg 37.txt i felt like i was taking a piss on myself the whole time i listened to this album . what happened to the 40 water of the old days that used to rap with spice 1 , 2pac , and mc breed ? this clone of 40 raps with the likes of lil jon ( wack as hell ) , washed up 80 year old too short , and a bunch of losers i have never heard of . the album only gets props because eightball and mjg are on the album and ugk . and they almost played themselves by appearing on this god awful so called " album " . e-40 has fallen into this commercial west coast version of crunk called " hyphy " in attempts to breathe life into his lifeless career . the album has some decent beats on it but there is no kind of lyrical content to be found anywhere . e-40 would n't know lyrical content if i slapped him with a krs-one cd . this cd is wack simple and plain , pee-40 is a beat waster , and he needs to find the nearest car wash and start drying off cars ! ! 
music neg 32.txt oh , this is pure adult garbage all right . i have never heard a more disguisting piece of music then this , then again the movie was garbage also 
music neg 914.txt this entire cd & hbo special is stolen material . all this material was originally written & performed by bill hicks . buy hicks dvd " bill hicks live - satirist , social critic , stand-up comedian " if you want the material in its true form http : / / www.amazon.com / exec / obidos / tg / detail / - / b0004z33fk / qid=1130712550 / sr=1-1 / ref=sr_1_1 / 104-5459925-2315938 ? v=glance&s=dvd bill hicks was also paid tribute on tool 's aenima album 
music neg 789.txt i was looking to get the dvd of dazed and confused but got the cd . when it was advertised on the amazon website it led me to believe that it was a dvd as you see it above . ( 1993 film ) i had to return it and my expense . very disappointing transaction with amazon . threfore , i am not impressed 
music neg 248.txt i am at a loss to hear what people appreciate about this cd . we were barely able to make it through one listening . this is a classic example of a cd that never would have been produced had the artist ( using the term very loosely ) not already been famous for something besides music . the lack of talent and originality on this cd is apalling . it only gets a star because that 's the lowest rating . i want my money back 
music neg 689.txt tony kushner 's liner notes are a chilling foretaste of his jew-hatred-soaked script for the film " munich . " a paragon of self-regard , he sneers at the historicity and compelling morality of the jewish people 's attachment through the millenia to its eternal homeland . rather , kushner makes a point of elevating the moral stature of the islamofascists who have unhesitatingly and unceasingly for a century prosecuted a campaign of genocidal slaughter against any and all jews who sought to reclaim their stolen patrimony ( through aboveboard land-purchase and settlement , prior to wars of justifiable self-defense ) . like his evil arab idols , kushner cannot abide the concept of a restored jewish commonwealth , secured on a foundation of existential legitimacy , political independence , and territorial sovereignty . zionism , and its morally necessary outcome the state of israel , enabled and is continuing to enable the very effloresence of jewish culture in the us in the post-1948 and certainly post-1967 vineyards where the klezmatics have been frolicking and where kushner has gained his fame and fortune . but kushner hates the very thought of being liberated , and seeks to sow that hatred throughout world jewry . the klezmatics should feel ashamed for linking themselves to this cruel purveyor of assisted suicide . 
music neg 189.txt this is the #1 worse song of 2006 ( #2 is " sexyback " by justin timberfake ) . for real . his voice is awful and i do n't know who is worse : james blunt , macy gray , or shakira . imagine the three of them doing a performance together on a stage . it would be pure he11 
music neg 830.txt i was deeply disappointed by the so-called & quot ; return of the funk&quot ; with the headhunters reuniting with their original lineup . as compared to herbie hancock 's original & quot ; headhunters&quot ; release , the return of the headhunters is missing one main ingredient , the grease . this recent release has traded the & quot ; grits and gravy&quot ; created by the sounds of overdriven analog equipment and early model synthesizers , for over-produced smooth jazz-funk , complete with overused n'dea davenport r&amp ; b hooks that left this album flat 
music neg 207.txt the music of dowland is wonderful - but sting is n't up to interpreting it . you ca n't even distinguish the words half the time , just a jumble of nice sounds from his pretty tenor - he does n't possess the skills to carry it off . this music has to be interpreted by someone with an ability to express thoughts in heightened language...sting , for all his merits , has n't got that in his repertoire yet . it 's an exercise in pretention , laughable at times . the letter reading is ridiculous . i love both sting 's voice and dowland 's song , but this cd is a failure . 
music neg 30.txt having watched most , if not all of john waters films i was sorely dissapointed by this album , obviously his name was put to something he had n't quite looked deeply enough in to . talk about misleading . as we all know john waters has a certain reputation for sleaze , trash , camp , kitch and bad taste in all the best possible terms , this album had none of this . shame on you john waters for putting your name to a complete load of rubbis 
music neg 99.txt wild card is the best song on this cd . the rest just did n't do it for me and i did n't care for the latin flavor . this cd was a mess . if the rest of the songs were along the lines of wild card , i would have kept the cd . this did n't say rippingtons to me . 
music neg 208.txt i ca n't believe i just spent over an hour of my life listening to ten ( ten ! ! ) different mixes of this not too remarkable dance hit . by the third version , my brain turned to jelly . by the fifth , i needed a drink . by the final re-mixed version , my hangover already started to set in . this e.p. is for dj 's and masochists only . - tom rya 
music neg 543.txt actually garth hudson , the former organist of the band does not play on this cd ( nor ' every geriatric rockstar's ' ) . the musician you might be referring to is al garth ex of loggins / messina 
music neg 418.txt this album is one of the only live albums that i do n't have . i have heard samples , and a few extra songs on other cds though . the first thing i hear from somebody that tell about this album is basically that stevie could n't have been more high . his performance was just imbarrassing for the other members in the group ( specifically reese wynans ) . most poeple do n't know this but , on the old vinyl copy of this album , ( i 've never heard it but someone told me ) there was originally a 14th track . it was the song that usually comes close to the end of stevie 's sets . the song was life without you . since it was the very last song , i 'm guessing stevie was more pooped than ever beacause it was the last song and that he was extremely high and everything . being high is one thing , but being high and playing your last song in a set is terrible . in the old vinyl disc , stevie was on his last song and he was so terribly slow that reese wynans walked off stage embarrased and discusted . this track was taken off the album because of its discracefulness 
music neg 939.txt this live album / in-studio acoustic ep is hard to figure . most of the live stuff is selected from bls 's & quot ; stronger than death&quot ; album , which was n't all that great to begin with . the only good thing being ; that album was so poorly mixed that live versions of & quot ; all for you&quot ; and & quot ; 13 years of grief&quot ; sound much better and immediate than their studio counterparts . a new heavier version of & quot ; no more tears&quot ; tries to please , but fails by showing zakk wylde 's gruff vocals do n't always work . unexpectedly , the bonus acoustic ep is the far better attraction . & quot ; like a bird&quot ; is the best song neil young never wrote and & quot ; blood in the well&quot ; shows zakk 's soloing chops in full form . bls needed some better songs before doing a live record . end of story 
music neg 554.txt i agree with the other negative review below - uninspired , simply forgettable radio trash . cliched lyrics ? check . muddy , simple riffs ? check . boring drumming with a couple of poorly played double bass kicks ? check . thank god i got this in a box of cd 's from a dj buddy of mine for free awhile back . if i actually paid for this crap i 'd have to kill myself . judging from all the " positive " reviews however , it seems some people at lava records or possibly the band themselves ( if they 're still around . i hope not . ) have been trying to plug this sorry excuse for music . 
music neg 597.txt gerry marsden and his pacemakers are great . i just want to point out that the double-cd ' best of ' import has 15 extra tracks and sells for about the same price . there is just no reason to buy this compilation instead of the import 
music neg 715.txt the worst christmas album i ever heard . i just bought it , played it once , and will never play it again 
music neg 926.txt i never write reviews for anything , but this one was so bad , i could n't help myself . everybody has different tastes , but if you like music with any kind of structure or melody at all , you will not like belladonna . i could not make sense of it at all , it rambled on and on , never getting to the point , never picking a path , never building on a theme . it bored me with it 's vague attempts to build a song . i listened to it 2 times just to make sure i was n't imagining how bad it was , and then i dumped it . it was not my style , and i do n't see how it could be anybody 's style , but that 's just me . i felt obligated to voice my opinion and possible save somebody out there from being bitterly disappointed . good luck on your listing adventures 
music neg 549.txt most people seem to like the soundtrack from " glory " , but this fact does not necessarily make " glory " a great , or even good soundtrack...most people also like the food served atmacdonald 's , but no intelligent person would argue in favor of thier menu as being good or great based on numbers...it is something to put in one 's mouth whenever nothing better is available and one is hungry...the same might be said regarding " glory " ...if one 's tastes run to choir music , almost any gregorian chant album is head and shoulders above the insipid choir music to be found here...as for the themes , they are commonplace variations , often bootlegged from other scores by the same composer , or new work that the composer later bootlegged into other scores , so , all in all , the effort plays rather like a buffet offering at a cheap , " homestyle " diner...the film , on the other hand , was well done , and , apparently , from reading many of the other reviews here , the unwarranted praise owes more to satisfaction with the film itself , rather than very much stand-alone praise for the score.horner has written a lot of really , really beautiful and original scores , but perhaps because most of his best efforts have been for small or little-noticed movies these have not been recognised for thier greatness...so , in sum , we are left with a very popular film , provided with a very mundane score by an award winning composer 
music neg 943.txt this cd was devoid of any of govi 's usual emotional imprint or soaring guitar work . frankly , it was just a bunch of new age background noise that one would hear on elevators . some of the craig chaquico-style stuff was interesting , but better left to craig . try 7th heaven , mosaico or guitar odyssey instead 
music neg 410.txt i wo n't go into a long diatribe . suffice it to say that when i listened to this upon its release earlier this year , i was disappointed . i gave it a few more close listens and find that the musical quality is not great . this is more a photo of dylan as a free-spirit . there 's a point where baez messes up a song . ( i do n't have anything against baez . that being said , i do n't have much for her either . ) there 's joking and laughing , but really , i do n't need a double-disk of acoustic material that seems to be performed by someone who sounds like he 'd rather be in the audience than performing . you can almost sense why dylan went electric in this concert . the bootlegs prior to this are superior and i would suggest that if you are n't a die-hard dylan fan to stick with them . if you really like dylan 's acoustic work and not his electric stuff , you should be pleased with this double-disc . i love dylan , but not enough to enjoy this over and over again . i 'll go to disk one of the 4th bootleg for my acoustic fix 
music neg 218.txt i love his voice , but the arrangements are way too complex and stilted . there are about 12 key changes in every song . the melodies are buried so far beneath his reinterpretations that one can barely recognize the songs . i feel these affectations detract from the songs . while his vocal gymnastics are very impressive , the result just is n't enjoyable to listen to ( unless you are a voice student or professional singer ) 
music neg 228.txt just listening to the samples of this new remix of " gold:35th anniversary edition ~ the carpenters " i found it to be in my opinion sadly remixed very badly . certainly not a tribute to the excellent talent of karen carpenter and richard as well . i wonder what richard was thinking when he remixed these songs ? as another review noticed and i agree with , is the bass on some is so loud it almost drowns out the pure excellence of karen 's deep resounding truly perfect voice . this is not a cd you want to get if you really want to appreciate the true pure sound of the carpenters . the older cds ( if still in production or if you can find them used ) " carpenters classics 25th anniversary " a 2 cd disc 98:04 minute collection remastered digitally , is a much better pick . especially for those who remember the carpenters when karen was still alive and the original arrangements were nothing to mess with . the other cd 's worth finding of the carpendters especially if you like the talent of karen 's deep resounding perfect voice , would be the cd " voice of the heart " this is a hautingly beautiful collection of love songs by karen who lets each song touch your heart and soul making you feel as if you were right there as she sings each song . the other one i would highly recommend , if christmas is your holiday , would be " carpenters christmas portrait " ... " special edition digital version....celebrating 70 continuious minutes of the seasons best.. . " with karen and richard . there are 34 carpenters songs as timeless as their sound , and 11 performances heard on this holiday cd for the first time . these cds are all the songs you fell in love with the first time you heard karen sing . these are the arrangements so beautifully done with her and richard . this new remix maybe ok if you have not been familiar with how wonderful the original songs the carpenter 's recorded and later remastered-not remixed - sounded . for this reason i give this 35th anniversary remix a 2 star rating . these older cds are how the carpenders really won over their fans , took the music industry by storm and gave a generation of music lovers reason to love the carpenders music and the sound they gave each song . talent that can still win over anyone who truly appreciates the timeless talents only the carpenters could deliver . as i more or less said in my title for this review and taken from an old saying " if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ! " or in this case do n't remix it ! 
music neg 422.txt i heard stories about michelle branch before trying out her music . and i was electrified to find out that there is still a young , honest and rock-ish female artist out there working her way up . first off all , i 'd like to say i wish to remain objective to all other listeners ' opinion , so yup...criticism is welcomed . i 'd like to let people know what kind of a viewer is writing this particular review too . basically , my main influences are bon jovi , the goo goo dolls and elo . i 'm a 17-year-old male . hotel paper is one big step for michelle . she evidentally matured her music between " spirit room " and this . michelle is pretty much at the state where she ca n't really make big steps on her own . and that 's why i think her authorities are limiting her potentials by pushing her to mainstream . like the fact that she wrote so many catchy , boring and good-to-sell singles that wo n't last and are only appealing to listerners on the shallow side . although some of her songs made me perfectly convinced that she can write decent music . ( tuesday morning , drop in the ocean , hotel paper ) some peeps are saying how michelle is n't quite a super songwriter nor a guitarist . i agree . imo , many of her riffs are boring and unoriginal . even a noob guitarist like me could tell . but afterall , it 's pop , so that 's inevitable . but she could do much much better than that . her lyrics are ok since she does n't write no emo nor punk junk , but a lot of complaining and childish relationships . most are ok though . what i 'm saying is , she most definetly has her own style...but sadly , it 's surpressed at an extent where it 's irritating and makes me feel like killing those studio dudes that are spending way too much time laying their hands on michelle 's music . nevertheless , just because michelle is young and writes her own songs and plays the " guitar " , does n't mean you gotta try her music out . but sadly , that 's exactly how a lot of people out there got attracted . i believe it 's more about how you like the music . i ca n't stress the fact that michelle is a musician with great potential and future . but to me , it seems like she 's throwing those away for popularity . one good example is , as prolly you 've already heard...the posing for a men 's magazine named m- -- -. whatever she was thinking , it really crushed my impressions on michelle...the cute musical lady she used to be....and the terrible decision of forming a pseudo-country rock band with her friend . michelle is talented and hella good compared to the other you-know-who female artists , but let 's get real here...she has a long way to go . she most certainly is capable of going far and i really do hope one day i 'll be listening to her matured and true music . afterall , imo , it 's only the matter of time before she surpasses amanda marshall on my list . i really hope michelle could get out of this situation and unchain from this game the studio peeps are playing on her and make every song and every note the way she always wants to . " tuesday morning " 3.5 / 5 " hotel paper " 4 / 5 the rest are just mediocre 
music neg 672.txt i do not see how reviewers can rate this guy 5 stars . his voice is so mediocre that i am suprised he manages to sell many cd 's at all . i would n't waste my hard earned cash on this guy . stick with sinatra and get the best . if not , and you want someone who can sing sinatra style , then i would recommend you listen to the young canadian , michael buble . in my opinion michael buble is a much better singer that tyrell . he can swing and do justice to that genre of music 
music neg 880.txt this is humor ? when does the humor begin ? is it close to the end cause i reckon that this ai n't funny . maybe the fans of this guy can go home and beat there spouses with banjos and leave the rest of us alone , i reckin 
music neg 305.txt a friend of mine turned me on to spoon , and at first i listened enthusicatically.. . but then i got bored . although spoon 's songs may be catchy at times , they are empty and deviod of any alterations . the same simple drum beat mixed with the same simple guitar riff may be appealing for a minute or so , but in the end i do n't think i 've ever listened to an entire track . if this is 5 star music today , our culture is severely lacking depth 
music neg 842.txt i 'm going to the trouble of writing this review to warn you : this cd is not like the other putumayo cds . no , it is not fun , hip , relaxing , good to dance to , or stimulating . it is a selection of hackneyed sinatra-style slop sung by a variety of leery-sounding men with fake deep voices . i have this rule for music : if it makes me think of animated dogs kissing over pasta , it sucks . consider yourself warned . if you like good music , try french cafe instead 
music neg 759.txt buddy holly has a number of collections that are superior to the one put out under the 20th century masters series . every one of the cds in this series is skimpy in content and superfluous . this one is no exception . look elsewhere 
music neg 51.txt the main problem i have with this cd is that it seems poorly mixed . there is no sonic depth to it - all the sounds are flat and hard to distinguish from each other 
music neg 21.txt i love love tegan and sara and when i found out this was one of their favorite cds i have to admit....i think i was devastated . i just saw pretty girls make graves last night and they really could not have sounded worse.not just not enjoyable...unbelieveably horrible . i think you should take your money and spend it on a cd that actually sounds like good music . do n't make your ears go through this much pain 
music neg 601.txt it 's not as good as his other albums . he tries too hard and he praises himself way too much . poor guy ; no wonder it had a fake case 
music neg 491.txt i purchased this disk along with others to play in my acura dvd-a system . i found the overall audio quality to be a bit disappointing...and the mix to be a bit " over the top " with surround effects . major vocals coming from rear speakers , etc. i also found the overall sound to lack the brightness and crispness on this specific disk . in fact , the demo disk for my tl has the marvin gaye song " let 's get it on " and it is remarkably brighter on that disk than on this collection . if you are looking for dvd-a disks with 5.1 surround...i 'd pass on this one and maybe purchase the cd of this album . 
music neg 972.txt aerosmith were one of the worst most annoying bands of all time . they only made 3 decent songs in same old song and dance , seasons of wither , and janies got a gun . rest of the songs just stink explosively . avoid most albums from this hugely overrated band , steven tyler screams , he ca n't sing at all ? ? ? this is music for drug addicts 
music neg 289.txt i wo n't dispute emmylou 's wonderful voice and mark knopfler 's superb guitar playing but this album just did n't cut it for me . pretty lame , about as likely as hank and phoebe snow 
music neg 586.txt if this had been the first album in the " hip-hop hits " series , it would not be a promising start . there are a few decent tunes on here , but as someone who admired the quality of the earlier source albums , i must express an intense dislike for " hip hop hits vol.8 " . there used to be a time when the source gathered the biggest and best tracks from the rap indusrty for their compilations , now benzino has turned the series into a shameless promotion for his own favorites ( how else do you explain ja rule being here ? ) . here is a song-by-song analysis of this disaster : ( 1 ) youngbloodz feat . lil jon " damn " c- . this song is perfect example of why people are getting bored with " sothern crunk " . it 's lame and boring , as it shows lil jon becoming a one-trick pony . not a good song to open an album with . ( 2 ) wyclef " the industry " b . wyclef is very talented , but this song was never a hit . it should be heard for its quality though , even if it only touchs topics breifly . it is clear that wyclef is above most of his peers in everyway ; sorta like 2pac . ( 3 ) chingy " right thurr " b+. not my favorite rap song , its better than average though , it kinda grows on you . he reminds me of juvenile . it 's content is not original , but chingy makes it his own with a relaxed flow and style . ( 4 ) young gunz " ca n't stop , wo n't stop " c . if this standard work is what roca-a-fella has in it 's post-jay-z future , the label is going to be in real trouble . they 're good , but they have to be better than good to stand on their own . ( 5 ) westside connection feat . nate dogg " gangsta nation " b+. it was nice to see westside together again . the style and talent cover up for the somewhat standard material . at the bare minimum , the song is stylistic and very enjoyable . ( 6 ) ja-rule " clap back " d . this anti-eminem dis is just border line pathetic and lame . any eminem song is a bigger hit and better than ja rule 's weak new stuff . if ja rule wants to return to his position " pain is love " brought him to , he must work much harder . ( 7 ) kanye west " through the wire " c . kanye west has enjoyed chart success through alot of hype , but i find this song to be very pedestrian for rap . the lyrics do n't define kanye as an original rapper , and the use chaka kahn 's " through the fire " does n't make a very appealing beat . ( 8 ) gang starr " skills " c . the group is n't that good to begin with , and this song has none of the fun that " militia " had . gang starr has a decent , hardcore sound that needs to be refined in order to define themselves . ( 9 ) j-kwon " tipsy " b- .this song is fun to listen to , but that still does not make it any better than average . it 's not really about anything and gets kinda tiresome towards the end ; you may be looking at your watch . he 's too overpraised . ( 10 ) e-40 feat . clipse " quarterbackin " c+. the track is enjoyable but was never that popular and is pretty forgetable . e-40 and clipse just are n't that talented . it almost feels as if it was made strictly for the " madden football " video games " . ( 11 ) fabolous feat . tamia " into you " a . just great , hip hop with style and substance . it 's so nice to hear a gentler , more positive hip-hop songs ; one that does n't hammer the listener , but brings out emotions lightly . he is one of the best rappers of 2003 ; with both his album and it 's singles . ( 12 ) t.i. " be easy " c- . he has been compared to jay-z and nelly ; despite the difference that he lacks the talent those artists have . plain , boring , generic rap from an artist who ofers nothing new to the game ; no more needs to be said . one must also wonder why this was chosen over his bigger ( not exactly better though ) hits " rubber band man " and " let 's get away " . ( 13 ) cassidy feat . r . kelly " hotel " b- . a sorta fun track , r . kelly does as much as possible , but he even he ca n't make cassidy sound original . to be honest , this was a huge top 10 hit though ; so it kinda does belong here . ( 14 ) ying yang twins feat . lil ' jon & the east side boyz " salt shaker " b+. surprisingly , the beat and production make this song rather entertaining . it 's much more fun than it has the right to be ; given the non-spectacular artists involved . ( 15 ) scarface " recognize " c- . scarface used to be an exceptional rapper , but now he 's trying to regain glory that is no longer his . why listen to this , when you could just buy his older albums ? ( 16 ) the untouchables featuring benzino " relationship with me & my gun " c- .just a standard benzino track tacked on for shameless self-promotion . i would n't mind so much if the songt had actually been worth listening to . atleast " bang ta dis " on " vol.5 " was a good song . bottom line : *1 / 2. benzino has ruined the once great source series in the blink of an eye . if you want to hear a great source album , buy " hip hop hits vol.4 " ; a source album with the biggest and best raps of 2000. a few good tracks are not enough to balance out all the mediocre ones . to put it in short terms : with so many good compilations out there , why spend money on a bad one ? i would not buy this album with a gift card . 
music neg 178.txt a mix of the softest chessyest mushy reggae from the 80s . do n't even bother.. . 
music neg 321.txt i can understand that robin felt a need to include some of the biggest bee gees hits to appease the fans , but the ones that were sung by barry are below wretched here . robin frequently disappears in the sound mix , becoming little more than one of a group singing harmony . that 's fine for a group concert , like the bee gees , but inexcusable for a solo effort . his stiff between song talk sounds like a bad lounge act . they should have kept this in the can . it seems like it is meant as little more than a money grab for robin . do n't do him the favor 
music neg 128.txt i 've never written a review , but i just wanted to let you know if you buy this album you are a complete idiot , and you 're killing hip-hop . stop killing my music 
music neg 447.txt when the preview aired , i was pushing the movie to all my friends , based on the hilarity of the preview . at that time , i skeptically said , " i hope these do n't turn out to be the only funny parts . " and that was exactly what happened . the rest of the movie was full over overdone gross jokes , crass humor that went way over the line and kept running . the pee joke was funny once , but even at that one time they overdid it , then overdid it again , and then again . the harry potter parts were hilarious ! jack sparrow was awesome ! but i wished i had not been forced to watch the rest of the crap just to see a few funny parts of the movie . it 's another scary movie ( 1 ) deal , only worse ! i love the newest scary movies , they are funny , but 1 really sucked . it was funny now and then , but a lot of it was stupid . so is epic movie , only worse . do n't waste your money buying it . rent and fast forward . 
music neg 477.txt it might not be a good album but it definitely shows shania 's potential 
music neg 650.txt vote this one off the island : 19 overproduced prog-tropical instrumentals consisting entirely of primitive thumping , chanting and grunting - sort of a new age tribal orgy with pygmy porn music composed by phil collins . it 's all supposed to convey the drama , intrigue and relevance of a tv show ( survivor yell , mud bath , chase race , tally the vote , i can see it , buzzed ) with no drama , intrigue and relevance . a desperate last ditch dig for one of the most unimportant moments in television 
music neg 896.txt she does n't sing.. . she yells ! ! ! and using one of ednita 's songs as she did with " lo que son las cosas " is just sacrilege at its " best " ( or worst ) . it 's really easy to hit it big with your first single when the song is already a classic by itself . she has absolutely nothing on beyonce or cristina aguilera . her cd is just plain bad ! if you want to hear good music by latin women with beautiful powerful voices ( and that actually sing ) , you might want to look for la lupe , celia cruz , ednita nazario and lucecita benitez.. . and these are only the ones i remembered at the moment 
music neg 145.txt hey , that just goes without being said . all of their live albums suck because they suck . go creed ! i ca n't wait for scott stapp 's solo album ! awesome , baby 
music neg 825.txt i picked this up because a ) it 's boz scaggs , a guy whose records i wore out when they first hit , and b ) it 's full of great old songs . but : boz sounds like he 's doing something else , maybe surfing the internet or looking out the window , when he sings . hard to imagine that the man who punched out " lido " can sound so half-asleep performing great material . a washed-out , almost depressing performance . there are many much better renditions of these classic songs . i imagine it 's hard to come up with new material , but please , if you 're going to do these songs at least sing as if you 're awake . no emotion , no involvement . and to add annoyance to injury , boz somehow found the world 's worst drummer for this session . if you can tap your fork on a tabletop you can play the cymbals and traps as well as him , incessantly dopey and grindingly repetitive . pass on this one 
music neg 274.txt mostly bland , by this time it seemed that bad was dead in the water , nothing here matches the excitement of this is . especially annoying are ` sightsee mc ! ' , ` ice cool killer ' and ` the big v' . bad goes rap ? no thanks . it 's easy to see why they did the whole bad 2 thing . buy the globe instead 
music neg 560.txt someone suggested i listen to this because i was , at the time , into what lame beret-wearing record-store dips would call " creatively aggresive " music . then it was death metal ( which i prefer without cursing or filth , you understand . ) since then i 've found the ascension into gabber and then full-on unmitigated hardcore . anyway , mr. bungle... . tepid . uninteresting . bland . stupid . gives the chin-strokers something to fascinate over . let them . someone 's got the fuel the economy 
music neg 550.txt while i like some of these songs , i cannot understand a single word he sings . i even heard him interviewed and i did n't understand a word . when he sings , he spends all the time looking down , so you ca n't even lip read . i do n't think he has stage presence and i think it will be hard to grow a fan base with a singer who ca n't form words . he does n't sing clearly and i just ca n't get into his music completely . i think i 'll stick to r&b 
music neg 307.txt i like how the people on here who turn to sarcasm when rating this cd think they 're funny . heh , so witty . anywho i 'm not a big fan of fall out boy , but there are a couple of good songs on this cd........notably grand theft autumn and saturday . those are really the only two that hold up its rating for me tho...2 stars 
music neg 785.txt in many ways a relic of its era , " not of this earth " is the first widely distributed release by joe satriani ( a previous ep ended up being reissued as part of " time machine " , years later ) . the guitarist , supported by drummer jeff campitelli and percussionist john cuniberti came into public attention when steve vai , a former student of satriani , ended up singing his teacher 's praises in the music press . the result is that this album , more than likely to have been lost in the shuffle of instrumental rock music , received wider recognition and poised satriani to explode into a bonafide celebrity on his next record . the album itself is a bit uneven- - satriani is a flawlessly brilliant guitarist , but as a songwriter , he was n't quite ready . several pieces ( " not of this earth " , " hordes of locusts " ) seem to run out of steam before they end , and a couple ( " the snake " , " driving at night " ) feel like bad ' 80s metal . on the other hand , several pieces shine- - delicate and lovely " rubina " , reggaeish and emotionally soaked " memories " , and the overtly frippesque " new day " are all fine examples of what satriani is capable of . but my favorite is probably " brother john " , where satriani abandons all his effects and performs his delicate and bubbly melody cleantone . in the end , the album is ok , but satriani would go on to do so much more interesting in the future . come back to this one if you 've picked up a bunch of other stuff and are looking for more , but most should start with " surfing with the alien " 
music neg 197.txt even as dedicated of a radiohead fan as i am , i really do n't care much for this album . i say thank goodness for " creep " because we may have never heard from them again ( or at least not in the same way ) if that song had not become as popular as it did 
music neg 950.txt i had high hopes for this cd . i love norwegian metal , and i love viking stuff so i thought this would be great . i was at least hoping it would be good . what i heard was a bunch of uninspired , mediocre , a dime a dozen metal songs . i mean there is enough good to save it from being a total waste , but not enough to give it even 3 stars . the high points are the fate of norns , the persuit of vikings , and arson . these songs are bad @$$ and fun to listen too . an ancient sign of coming storm 5.5 just mediocre where death seems to dwell 5.5 very repetitive the fate of norns 7 this one is pretty good . it has a repetitive punchy opening riff that gets stuck in your head long after listening to it . the pursuit of vikings 7.5 this is my favorite song from this cd . pretty bad a$$. valkyries ride 5.5 tedious monotony the beheading of a king 5.5 same as valkryies arson 7.5 a bit of a slow starter but it picks up towards the end with some melodic guitar once sealed in blood 5.5 a bit faster than some but still a downer . all in all nothing horrible , and there is some good songs . the music is a little on the simple side which doesnt necasarily make it bad . i like a lot of simpler music like darkthrone and burzum . the problem is that when it comes to simpler stuff i like it to have some really good aptmosphere . that is precisly what is lacking here . i will still listen to it occasionally hoping that it will grow . 
music neg 355.txt cheap trick 's second album is very disappointing to me after the good , but raw , " live in the studio " , 1977-76 recorded cheap trick . almost all of the material here is so watered down that it really comes off way better on the later many live disks they did . after a good start w / " hello there " , a concert favorite for many years , is the only thing here to write home about when one considers how great all the tunes from this overproduced album sounded on the budokan and other live recordings later . tom werman and rick niesen were on a show in 1991 that i had recorded on a tape once and werman , noce a friend of tom petersson 's said , quote : " my three albums with cheap trick got better and better.. . " , to which the ever sarcastic rick nielsen said , " selling , maybe . " not realizing that brother rick was slamming him , werman then continued , " exactly " ... oh boy . we now see why producing cheap trick albums through the years has become like playing russian roulette . it 's not hard to get better than this and five months later the solid , but somewhat oeverrated ' heaven tonight ' came out.. . ( and the guys even bought werman back for dream police . things turned out better when pete comita , then later jon brant joined the band . yep - the best was yet to come - in the ' 80 ' 
music neg 486.txt i 'm a huge fan of christopher lawrence 's stuff , but i aboslutely refuse to buy this cd because of the copy protection . i do not pirate music , and should be allowed to copy music i purchase onto my mp3 player of choice . this is just sad 
music neg 40.txt having listened to steven 's previous albums , greetings from michigan and seven swans countless times , i cannot help but to notice the amount of regurgitation on this album . stevens blatantly rips off his own music . i consider michigan to be sufjan 's masterpiece . do yourself a favor and start there 
music neg 433.txt bill charlap is undoubtedly one of the most talented , lyrcially-blessed jazz pianiasts around today . he has a deft touch and a senisbility that far exceeds his age and life experiences . that told , i find it very hard to give his latest effort , stardust , more than two stars . with very few exceptions , i found this cd to be fairly self-indulgent and charlap rather morose in his intrepretations . it was n't nearly a refeshing to the ear as written in the stars . i would recommend this for a charlap devotee but no one else . he has made better albums 
music neg 495.txt do yourself a favor and only buy his albums . they 're much more solid . one love . peace 
music neg 720.txt the music for the soundtrack was so lame ! i though i was gonna cry cause i figured this was the end of b2k by this point . the s'track was n't even all b2k either . i like the song with jhene and omarion " happy " . also i liked " out of the hood " other then that it was boring . 
music neg 210.txt after souring to dizzying heights with their first four albums ( a feat achieved by only a handful of bands ) the inevitable fall seems to have come on this disc . the bunnymen built their reputation on moody , psychedelic concept pieces that culminated in ocean rain . for this release the band moves into more ' mainstream ' territory , eschewing album-wide cohesiveness for a more radio friendly approach . unfortunately these lightweight songs do n't work as well as the tantalizingly obscure sound they abandoned . if you 're new to the bunnymen you 're probably better served by checking out their first four albums ( crocodiles , heaven up here , porcupine and ocean rain ) or skipping forward to their more recent efforts evergreen and flowers 
music neg 680.txt nothing new here . i like reading the ridiculous reviews of these cds where people gush all over the screens over how much they love patton . this cd is dull . suffering from patton overexposure . maybe he should actually spend some time and make an awesome album ( like secret chiefs 3 - book of horizons ) rather than dozens of merely adequate ones 
music neg 304.txt i never really noticed the soundtrack when watching this show on television but i love the show so was a little surprised when purchasing the album that all the non sound bite tracks are american country music songs . ca n't say i 'm much of a fan of american country music so was just a bit disappointed . i think a great inclusion on this album though is the sound bites from all the leading housewife characters on this show and this alone is worth the price of the cd . was also disappointed that danny elfman 's desperate housewives theme is not a separate track and ridiculously has some hidden track attached to it . the desperate housewives theme goes for 0:44 seconds then you have a break of silence for a while but still on the same track before at 1:01 a terribly sung summary of the tv show mentioning wisteria lane over and over again follows for a minute and twenty seconds . what ligic was there in not making this a separate track ? you would then be able to memory it out on your stereo . i like listening to tv themes and i find this just ruins that track because you need to be near your stereo to press skip after 0:44 seconds . this cd is worth purchasing for the sound bites alone but i guess if you 're just buying it for the theme song you 'll have to wait for some other new tv theme compilation album to get the theme song on its own . this album also comes with an excellent cover insert booklet with lots of great pictures of characters and scenes from the show . 
music neg 187.txt this album contains only rap and no rock songs . this was very disappointing to say the least 
music neg 635.txt this is a great album and a great artist with albert king theres no going wrong when you buy one of his albums . he is the king of electric-blues . you can hear all these songs in great format . just awsome playing awsome singing . its sure no wonder srv . and hendrix really loved albert king 
music neg 34.txt mcmurtrys new album really disappoints . i am a longtime fan and found the subject matter of the new album slipping out of character with james past work ( as well as somewhat inappropriate and overly cynical ) . while mcmurtry has had past hits that either hearken back to childhood extravaganza ( see the elephant ) or that provide an echo to the way we americans spend our time ( holiday ) , his attempts on childish things came across as an unfortunate mix of trite and depressing . in past attempts mcmurtry was able to find the nuances of the positive and the negative of americana , yet all the remains in the stinging lyrics of this album is the over-used and overheard downside . the thoughtfulness evaporated on this work . like many aging musicians , mcmurtry could not resist the tempation to jump into personal politics to replace the vacuum of meaningful verse . the cliche and empty " we cant make it here " is a meaningless mix of 70s era socialism and the ills of modern era entitlement policies that displays an ignorance of both democracy and personal responsibility . mcmurtry , previously able to frame an issue , seems oblivious that those of different political persuasions could easily fit the same song title to a wholly opposed set of social ills . criticism is not intelligence , and we can only hope that mcmurtry can get on track going forward . perhaps he should shun the " pc crowd " and seek his own space and more thoughtful views of the complex but substantial american scene for his next album 
music neg 193.txt a lot of people are saying that this album is better than their 1st one . that 's not saying much because their 1st album was terrible . there was only one direction they could go - - up . it 's hard to imagine them doing worse than their first lp . i said this about the young , fly , & flashy album , and the same applies here , so i 'll say it again : when the hottest line on your entire album comes from bow wow , your album is in serious trouble . but let me balance that statement though . this is n't exactly one of those album you buy when you want lyrical gymnastics . this is simple , bass heavy , crunk music . it 's effective in it 's purpose , but it 's totally generic ( the recipe for most party songs ) . and some of these songs are just flat out horrible . " stop callin ' me " is n't only horrible , but it is n't about anything if you 're paying attention to the wack lyrics dfb put on it ( and whoever wrote the hook should be slapped ) . and who 's idea was it to let dame dash ( yeah , that dame dash ) scream all over a song ( bricks 4 the high ) ? i want to know who the guy was that said " yeah , that 's a good idea " . dame is doing what he does best , so he 's not at fault.....i blame the idiot that put him on the song . " suckas come and try me " is probably the worst song to come out of the south since drama dropped his album . and if you ask me , the " white tee " remix was a step backward from the original . it would help if they could talk about something other than " haters " , postin ' up on the block ( i swear they say that on the album at least 100 times ) , rims , jewelry , and weed . but expecting them to change up their sound would be silly on my part i guess . besides , if people buy this , why should they change ? that 's another story though . in short , the album fails to seperate dfb from the pack . the beats are generic and the rhymes are terrible ( " i 'll make you 1 2 step like ciara " ? come on , i could write that in my sleep ) and it 's hard to tell if there are four rappers or just one because they all sound similar . once you understand the purpose of this album though , then you can find a few decent tracks , but do n't go getting your hopes up just yet . there are only 3 or 4 songs worth hearing . " my music " is listenable and dfbs put down some decent lyrics that are helped out by bun b 's good appearance . the best beats on the album are on " do n't play with me " feat . three six mafia and " freaky as she wanna be " . " do n't play with me " features production from dj paul & juicy j , so you know it 's tight . i love three six , so that 's my favorite song on the album . and " freaky as she wanna be " will be the second single off the album if they 're smart . on top of our game is good for what it 's supposed to be good for ( partying and....well , that 's it ) , but not much else . jermaine dupri is trying his best to keep his label relevant , but i do n't know if this approach is gonna help him any . this album is better than their debut , but that 's not really saying much . this should be pretty obvious , but i 'll say it anyway . if you 're into lyrics , then this is n't for you . if you want crunk beats to bounce to , then this is right up your alley . it depends on your preference , but this listener has heard better crunk music and recommends passing on this one . standout tracks : freaky as she wanna be , i think they like me ( remix ) feat . jd , da brat , & bow wow , do n't play wit me feat . three six mafia ( my favorite ) , and my music feat . bun b . 
music neg 377.txt in answer to a music fan from temple hills , the song was called king holiday by the king dream chorus & amp ; holiday crew . it came out on mercury in 1986 and featured the singers and rappers you mentioned . it made no.30 on the r&amp ; b charts but did n't crossover pop . the lyrics are on the net ( try google ) but i do n't know if the song still is 
music neg 955.txt but for " the drugs do n't work , " which is marginal at best , this album is boring...cookie-cutter , nothing original 
music neg 703.txt triple h ( as fed up ) : i love britney , she is so pretty and nice and so on . shawn michaels ( as hellraiser ) : anyone who hates her are just jealous ! triple h : well , we got some news , britney is nothing but an ugly redneck piece of trailer trash . shawn michaels : this no-talent hack is a washed up skank whose career sank . triple h : this chick is a skank , unlike my wife stephanie mcmahon who looked good whilst carrying my first child ( i just had a daughter ) . shawn michaels : britard on the other hand is one ugly airbrushed , lying hypocrite . d-generation x says if you are not down with dx and you choose to be down with britney and her blind sheep fans , we got two words for ya ( crowd yells s*ck it ) 
music neg 940.txt i bought this cd for " hole in the earth " , a very dynamic , driving and quasi-psychedelic rocker , and mostly got what i expected - more of the same along a continuum , sometimes pushing their envelope in either direction , as i expected . and then i came upon " pink cellphone " , a rotten apple if there ever was one . this vile little stinker is as if one of the band 's groupies wandered into the control room in a methamphetamine haze , defecated on the mixing board , and then described her experience , in no uncertain terms , into an answering machine . if there was ever a reason to switch from buying an artist 's complete cds to just purchasing individual tracks off of the web , this is it . congratulations , guys , you have not only lodged a very descriptive and literally filthy image into my head , but convinced me , and i 'd wager , many listeners , that our faith is ill placed with the musical choices that pop musicians make when assembling their " b " sides . to say nothing of the bad taste and lack of respect for your audience that this demonstrates . someone should wash the deftones ' mouths out with a bar of soap - maybe a few bars . 
music neg 467.txt who could like a band like the rolling stones ? they are not the world 's greatest rock band and they never made anything good but start me up and shattered . their new album is the most horrible cd i have ever heard . stay far away from that cd . get anything from the stones that contains start me up or shattered insted . 
music neg 332.txt wow ! tom morello , flea , pete yorn , chris cornell , brad wilk , maynard james keenan . when i first heard of this superstar line-up , i was sure that this cd was going to be awesome . i was duped like everyone else who bought this album . axis of justice ( or so cleverly put by a previous reviewer as " axis of jackasses " ) is really a bad album , even for a bunch of political liberal rockers . serj and tom really dropped the ball with this one . what could 've been a festoon of awesomeness turned out to crap-fest of whiny musicians with an equally crappy message . knowledge , the night watchmen , and ahmed ahmed are among the many reasons why this is so bad and incredibly difficult to listen to . the song , " jeffrey , are you listenng ? " is up there with other crappy songs like john mayer 's " city love " and richard harris ' " macarthur park . " on top of all that , the communist entertainer known as michael moore adds his little nugget of wisdom on the dvd , which i can say i 've become dumber now that i 've listened to it . for the love of all good music , stay far away from this cd 
music neg 216.txt unfortunately , i forked out $14 for this cd . upon first listen i am extremely dissapointed . being a huge fan of sp for years this album offers none of the harmonic resonance of green 's previous work . also gone are the magnificant beats we have come to expect from this artist . use this as sunday background music on a rainy day ; but do not expect to get the party started with this album.. . 
music neg 184.txt ok , first off , this is the first corrs release i 've listenend to . i 'm offering my opinion without knowing anything else they may have done . i 've listened to the cd 10 times or so , on random occasions when i need a break from my normal diet of punk and garage rock . it sounds good . a little too good . i agree that it 's overproduced , does n't sound even remotely spontaneous . the studio work is well done , but overdone . i 'd like to hear something else to see what they really sound like . the content of the songs is what bothers me . aside from being sappy , sentimental drivvel ( this is pop music , after all - i was n't expecting anything else ) , everything sounds like a commercial ditty or a part of a movie soundtrack . mmm-hmm . track 1 - i see a not-so overweight soccermom smiling on a treadmill at curves ( tm ) , then hopping in the ford expedition ( tm ) , and cheering on the kids at their soccer game with a sunnyd ( tm ) in each hand . track 2 - helicopter pans out as mid-20 's girl drives curvy mountain road in vw cabrio ( tm ) ( r ) with top down , thinking about handsome lover.. . " lmn " ( r ) watermark in lower-right corner of screen.. . track 3 - sad animals . images of puppys in cages . track 4 - actually , i like this one . mellow , laid back . track 5 - ugh. track 6 - this one is the most clever ! i see the band members - 3 girls , 1 guy - on one side of a table under a hanging lamp in an otherwise black room , while 3 gentlemen in suits open a breifcase full of money , push it towards them and say , " as you 're aware , the radio has lost it 's credibility . the kids are figuring out that there are other bands out there , beside what we pump across the airwaves at them . we need to entice them back . if you want a single , and this pile of cash says you do , then you 'll do what you can to save this dying medium . hell , you work in the word " radio " and we 'll double what we 're giving you . " come on , the song even sounds like a psa for the international radio marketing council.. . track 7 - sounds like a pepsi commercial . track 8 - ugh. wait , was n't this track 5 ? track 9 - sappy , but ok . sounds like they actually put effort into the lyrics . thumbs up . track 10 - not remotely original , but alright . track 11 - interesting sound . good beat . correct me if i 'm worng , but was that a semi-pagan reference there ? that would be a bold move , for which i 'd applaud them , if in fact it is . not that i 'm pagan or anything , but hey , its a religiously positive , non-christian reference that does n't involve marilyn manson , and that takes guts . especially for radio-loving girls bands . track 12 - laid back . almost has a jazzy , lounge feel . track 13 - produced by former ace of base member ? bubbly , upbeat , not too bad . track 14 - written and produced by avril lavigne.. . track 15 - wow ! a relatively celtic-sounding song from a relatively celtic band ! ! and instrumental , too - big thumbs up ! in fact , maybe that 's the key . whatever . long-winded , i know , but fair . this album did n't turn me off to the corrs completely , but i do n't have very high hopes now . flame away , kiddies . 
music neg 931.txt this is a cd of the history of the band . interesting but was not a music cd . was not worth the price 
music neg 345.txt this band is getting alot of critical acclaim right now , but i 'm just not feeling it . the single " wolf like me " is the only song that stands out to me on the whole album . it is a great song , but everything else is just blah . i think the band could use a different singer , the guy they got does n't sing very well or very " soulful " . the music is good , very original and the only reason i have n't sold the cd yet . i really think ppl need to hear this one for themselves before they buy . do n't be fooled by these 5 star reviews . just listen to the cd before you buy it . that 's my advice 
music neg 648.txt this album lacks a lot of the controversy ( not all of it ) of the original , uncensored & quot ; cop killer&quot ; ( new censored version now titled body count ) . go to ebay and find someone auctioning off the real version of the 92 album . you will like it a hell of a lot better 
music neg 889.txt i 'm a hardcore lynch fan and find this album a big dissapointment . i like his older season of da sicc style nott this new stuff . in one song they 're talking about louie vitton , thats not the lynch i kno 
music neg 881.txt i really do n't want to be mean , but i find this album very shallow . classical indian music is a very complex , subtle and beautiful thing . comibining it in this way may help to get these wonderful tabla players to a wider audience , but the true energy has been tainted and lowered to make it palatable to simple-minded people who need westernized electronic and wishy-washy " world music " cliches . i do n't find this music to be uplifting or enlightening or interesting . and this is not coming from a strict old fundamentalist of anything , i have delved deep into the avante guard , minimalism , " new music " , eastern and western music theory , microtonal , etc. i would recomend jsut being a non-westernized album and getting the full benefit of tabla playing . however if your mainstay is jungle / drum&bass , then this would be a step up for you , so go for it , it is worth the pruchase in that case 
music neg 93.txt i bought this album after hearing america , their single off this album , and listening to the increasing hype about razorlight and johnny borrell being one of the most talented singer-songwriters of his generation . this follow up is a thorough disappointment compared to their first . it 's not bad , but it 's not that good either . the songs all sound like i 've heard them somewhere before , and the lyrics - well , how many times have we heard popstars going on about waiting by the phone , nothing on the radio , and not known what it all meant , while smoking cigarettes late at night . yawn.. . 
music neg 317.txt as long as artists keep making albums with only one good song , people will keep getting them for free in internet . nestor keeps insisting in doing instrumental hip hop , pop , commercial , elevator music . if you like that kind of music , buy this cd , otherwise buy hubert laws , or dave valentin among others . if you want to listen to good nestor music , buy " morning ride " , " dance of the phoenix " , " talk to me " , " mi alma latina " or the charanga album " mis canciones primeras " . sorry nestor , i am a big fan of your music but you are wasting your talent doing this kind of stuff . when do you plan to make a good non commercial latin jazz album 
music neg 725.txt knuff respect to public enemy , they are one of the few groups in hip-hop history who 've provided fans with ill beats and consciouss lyrics . with that said , this single blows . it 's trash . the beats are trash , chuck d and flavor flav do n't rap , the dvd is just them hanging out in some clubs . it 's a shame , legends such as public enemy are far above this remedial single . if you want to hear their best worx , go and buy fear of a black planet , or it takes a nation of millions to hold us back . you wo n't be dissapointed. . 
music neg 911.txt wen i bouht dis cd i thought is waz my holmes on it but it was jus sum dude wid a big azz hoodie and hat . when i put dis in my playa it was broken the rappers , main peter , voice sounded liek a blender . dah turntables sound like my moms bong a bubblin damn nigga was my favorite track but that was n't on dis cd . i wish i had da real copy and not da malufunked up one . peace out dawg keep it real and stay won wid dah underdawgzz 
music neg 850.txt the track selection is fine and okay , but the track order is bad . no flow ! proving that he just took popular tracks that other big djs are spinning and sold an album without a smile . the mixing is terrible and abrupt , its basically not mixing . no art there . 
music neg 874.txt la grange is probably at the top of most zz top fans lists , and rightly so as it is superb , but the version contained on this collection is the one where they did some weird digital reverb stuff to the drum track , which completely destroyed the roadhouse vibe of the original recording . it is so awful that i do n't know how anybody can listen to it . thankfully they got smart and went back to the original for rancho texicano . clueless classic rock stations are still playing the version contained here , dummies . also , waitin ' on the bus / jesus just left chicago are two absolutely essential tracks that are inexplicably missing here 
music neg 676.txt this disk is truly as bad as nitin 's previous disks were wonderful . take any previous nitin disk , throw in some alpha , a bit of craig armstrong , some predictable eco-freindly american diatribe , mix until extremely smooth and you have a prophesy . as with most prophesies there no good news about it . my prophesy is that anyone who buys this wo n't ever buy another nitin dis 
music neg 584.txt first bill has never nor will he ever be a jazz musician . it seems that those who branch out and play multiple styles are often lauded for expanding the vocabulary . here 's what chaps my hide the most . bill has somehow captured the attention of hordes of budding guitarist with their effect pedals all strung out as if they were getting ready for a space shuttle launch . it burns me too no end when a person calls himself a & quot ; jazz&quot ; guitarist , but does n't really have any chops . i know bill has been called anti-technique , but what does that really mean ? would you want a heart transplant performed by a surgeon that means well , but really is n't very good at what he / she does ? this guy is getting built up as something new and it seems every time i turn around someone that knows absolutely nothing about jazz guitar is throwing this guy in my face . i 've been a professional jazz guitarist for 12 years and teaching for 8 years . when i have guys that actually debate me that bill is somehow doing more interesting things than say pat martino , or that bill could somehow hang in a jam session with someone like pat martino , i have to shake my head in disbelief in how twisted and mixed up this world has become when charlatans are giving more credit than someone like pat who has been on the road for years and paid dues that frisell could n't imagine . is bill frisell a jazz musician , no ! maybe if the guy could woodshed for a dozen years he 'd come up with something . for me i 'll stick with the guys that really know how to play......johnny smith , peter leitch , jim hall , pat martino , kenny burrell , billy bauer , tal farlow , lenny breau , jimmy bruno , jimmy raney , wes montgomery and so on 
music neg 47.txt i do n't understand the previous reviews - i found this recording positively dreadful , with ruthie henshall being the only one worth listening to . john sinclair is abominable as george - he sounds like he 's doing a ( bad ) imitation of michael crawford in & quot ; hello , dolly . &quot ; he does strange things to his words - i guess he 's trying not to sound british , but why is he singing & quot ; summ-ar weath-ar&quot ; instead of & quot ; summer weather&quot ; ? the ilona is a bass - almost literally . & quot ; i resolve&quot ; has been lowered for her , and yet she still cannot master the range of the song . to accomodate her , the second part of & quot ; i do n't know his name&quot ; has a truly odd key change . were she remotely talented i could understand key changes to facilitate her singing , but she 's not worth it . the orchestrations are odd , too , with strange sleigh bell sounds appearing frequently . the rest of the singers range from fair ( kodaly - a pretty voice but not much expression ) to bad ( mr. maraczek drags down every single note of & quot ; days gone by . &quot ; luckily this is his only song . ) the broadway revival , to my ear , still has the best voices , except , of course , that barbara cook ( the original ) outshines diane fratantoni , who is merely good ( but who was a vast improvement over the roundabout 's original amalia , the annoying judy kuhn . ) get the original or revival recordings instead - this london version i would recommend only to die-hard she loves me fans , or masochists . i 'd rather sit through another terrible viewing of & quot ; you 've got mail&quot ; than listen to this again 
music neg 420.txt very disappointing - nothing like riverdance would not recommend and i am avid fa 
music neg 699.txt on the liner notes to one of the two blues albums ( i think it is shaker ) it is said that the original idea was just to perform some of these songs in a one night concert . that should have been as far as it went . to foist these songs on an unsuspecting public at 19 bucks a crack is highway robbery . if these are blues songs , then i am robert johnson 's illegitimate son . " death letter " is good , maybe even great , but cannot compare to the original or to any of the covers i have previously heard . the rest is a waste of time . the cover art is excellent but hardly the reason you would be expected to buy the cd . these are my first 2 reviews by the way , but all these 5-star reviews for both cd 's finally got me motivated . go buy a muddy waters or lightning hopkins cd and save 10 bucks in the bargain 
music neg 354.txt it really does n't appeal to me . but if you like them that is your opinion . i 'm not going to say your stupid for liking them because your different from me . but i just feel that there is way to much cursing for my liking i mean the creativity here is not very high i just feel you could use better words . but i mean the measure of a man is not how many girls you slept with . i mean that is how you lose money on child support . sex has never been the most important thing in life . honestly though i mean you just ca n't see these guys rapping about these same things when they 're 40 right cause that is wrong . i mean why be interested in a group of rappers that in 10 years probably wont be making music anymore let alone still be together 
music neg 866.txt very very dissapointed . e-40 raps too quick , he is too hard to understand and he sounds like a trick 
music neg 225.txt trash , and irrated plus the good albums ya 'll give them 0's . so now i'ma let the world know 
music neg 927.txt i love the " smoky " piano bar sound of this album . i picture my best girl having a couple of pops late at nigh 
music neg 282.txt i understand why the beatles are the top sellers in rock music as they suck . they only made about two decent songs in their " hey jude " a pretty song , and " ballad of john and yoko " . the sixties was a horrible decade of rock music . i would have to be said that only very few good songs came out in the sixties , which one of them is neil young 's " down by the river " . i have listened to the beatles for about a month and thought how lame and pathetic their music was . they were hugely one of the most overrated bands of all time . this one album is definately not the album to buy at all unless you are a sick moron who does not have a good taste in music . here you will get 25 of the worst songs ever recorded . if you want good music , i recommend go buy albums from foreigner , dire straits , green day , guns n ' roses , and metallica insted . do n't buy this album at most costs as you will waste money on 25 awful songs 
music neg 619.txt i like these guys alot.i own a bunch of there stuff and love to see them live . i played this cd a few times liked it at first , but it did n't grow on me at all liked i 'd hoped.to cute for me , not spontaneous enough.i feel this cd will be just another dust collector in a short period of time.just let it rip guys , that 's what you do best.thank god my brother bought this instead of me.i bought live at cow palace ( the dead ) great cd 
music neg 747.txt hmm.. . ok , maybe it was not the best reason to want to buy this cd , but i heard one of the songs on it , hashkiveynu , performed ( partially ) during an episode of the west wing , and it sounded amazing ( it was not the same cantor as on this cd ) . i am not jewish and not even very spiritual , but i wanted to have that song in my collection . i immediately searched the web for the info , got the name of the chant and found this cd . i almost purchased it without listening , when i found a different site , where they actually have rather long excerpts ( 2 min . ) of most tracks , so i listened to them . boy , was i relieved and disappointed at once ! relieved that i did n't buy the cd and disappointed that i could n't get the song i wanted ( i was willing to buy a whole cd for just 1 song , that 's how much it impressed me ) . the song sounds very little like the one from the west wing , although i do believe that the site where i found the info speficially pointed to this cd as having a recording of the same song used in the show . and i 'm sorry to say it but the voice also does n't hold a candle to the one used on the show - way too " operatic " , as mentioned by many , and harsh and even unpleasant-sounding to me . it took all the charm and candor right out of the song ( in the show , they had a much more natural voice do the song ) . i also agree that the choir does not mesh well with the soloist . if anyone knows where and if i can purchase a recording of this song done by a different singer ( if it can be the one from the west wing , i 'll be thrilled ) , please , let me know . in the meantime , i 'm passing on this cd. . 
music neg 748.txt i 'd like to second some of the other reviewers ' reviews of this album . it really lacks the energy and the coherence of the previous album . the tracks in general are a little slower . the production quality is overall about the same , but it is just not as " listenable " as believe was . the exception i find on the album is the " club mix " of " turn it around . " but if we think about that for a second , are n't we talking about " club music " here afterall ? are we under any pretenses that this is elevator or lobby music ? i should think not . what we expect from this band , and from a second album is an equal or better effort at club music . house-ish , trance-ish , and anthemic . it 's just missing on turn it around . i wholeheartedly recommend believe , but i 'd steer clear of this one unless you find it used . 
music neg 776.txt i do n't even own this cd , and after seeing the reviews i do n't want it . 90% of the " 5 star " reviews are people with only one review . suspicious ? ? look for yourself , it 's right there to see . i have some other meditation cds that are very repetitive , i 'm not going to make the same mistake here , especially with such shameless self-promotion 
music neg 334.txt this stuff is so boring . i ca n't believe people still listen to this stuff . seriously come on people ! i laugh every time i see some guy trying to play this stuff anywhere . plus busta has admitted to having " relationships " with men if you get what i mean . makes you wonder about a lot of rappers... . 
music neg 300.txt the " drummer " ( more like " the anti-drummer " ) on this is johnny cresci . he is maddeningly lacking in even basic garage band ability , and literally has no idea what a 6 / 8 blues meter is . how he landed on the same stage with these legends may be the musical mystery of all time . for me , mr. " clueless " cresci makes it nearly impossible to enjoy the brilliant performances going on despite his anti-rhythmic upchucking.....kinda like driving an aston martin with a flat tire ! i have tried to get beyond cresci 's chops for over a year of listening now , and i simply ca n't do it . if you 're a musician , his playing will make you extremely agitated . i 'm gonna have to trade this in , and go on listening to live adventures like i have for the past 37 years . this would have been much better with the drum tracks totally muted on the 6 / 8 numbers . granted , this is an historically significant release , but i think it should have stayed in the vault , or released with johnny cresci having been digitally removed or replaced 
music neg 833.txt i found the vocal delivery on this cd too distracting to allow me to relax . the frequent hesitations and awkward phrases prevent any sense of flow . the narrator 's soft , lilting voice is not by itself hard on the ears , but too often it sounds like she is improvising and reaching for words . 
music neg 367.txt or in their entire career for that matter . i have tried to like this band , but greg dulli just wo n't shut up . every song is his snide lyrical diatribing , on and on and on . the guitarist keeps things mildly interesting , but on this album in particular , the drummer also wo n't shut up and play a straight beat for once . it 's like three guys in their own worlds , and they mash it together and call what they 've done songs . except for the one decent song they did , the only rock song i can think of that is hard , psychedelic , passionate , powerful , and set to a waltz beat of all things . " let me lie to you " is the best song they ever made , because everyone in the band is given room to breathe by the song 's framework and tempo . instead of piling in on top of each other till the end of the song like they usually seem to do , everyone agrees to hold back until the rushing choruses , and it 's less muddled and better orchestrated for it . it 's a shame they did n't do any other songs like this , at least none that i have heard . i tried to like them , i really did . i wanted to find the band that made that one song , and discover a whole treasure chest of dark , passionate , noisy music like that . too bad , no wonder they drifted apart 
music neg 120.txt while some would call orange and acme " studio " albums , suggesting that they lack originality , but they have rythm . i would call myself a big jsbx fan , i play orange and acme constantly , however i feel that this album is a little too much free form , and free noise for the everyday listener . i would recommend that anyone interested in jsbx start with acme and then move on to orange to develop an appreciation for jsbx , because it is a rather acquired taste 
music neg 736.txt so far , so good...so what ! ( in it 's origional form ) used to conjure feeling . the remastered edition sounds like a group of studio musicians tried to remake the album and just did n't quite hit the nail on the head . if you bought this album on cassette when it came out in the late 80s , get your hands on that version . 
music neg 23.txt many albums , including this one , have the problem that all the songs pretty much sound the same ; but this also has the troublesome problem of music that is too easy on the ears and that never gets very exciting - except for the first two tracks . the use of many poetry elements in their lyrics ca n't save the blandness of the music . " what about everything " and " life less ordinary " are good songs . the rest pretty much sound the same and will put you to sleep . 
music neg 369.txt there are 2 good songs on this disc , stinkfist and aenema . the rest are pure crap . half of the tracks are n't even songs , they 're just a bunch of noise . no wonder tool wo n't put any of thier music on itunes or napster . they want you to buy the whole cd so they can have your $14 for like four real songs and ten tracks of filler crap . if you gave this cd 5 stars there is something wrong with you and you should be beaten severely 
music neg 84.txt no need to say more , these f@gs are just making lousy punk pop for the teenage girls and mtv watching kids who think they 're quite rebel with listening to this kind of sheit , and these suckers do it just for the money like green day or blink 182. there just have to be some stuff like this to fill all the pop and mtv charts 
music neg 309.txt apart from the great selection of soundtracks , what really makes this compilation top value is the quality of the sound processing . executed with finesse , these tracks sound better than when first issued and many are unedited , fuller versions : like " singing in the rain " , for example . throw in the great price , and this double disc set is a " must have " for all lovers of classic movie music 
music neg 995.txt nana has a beautiful voice , but her singing is monotonous , predictable . she lacks passion . sometimes you feel she is reading the lyrics instead of really interpreting the song . in addition to this , the arrangements are unfortunately very poor . her soprano range deserves a proper orchestra . only love could be the perfect background music for a romantic dinner with candles , but this is not the album i would like to listen to again and again 
music neg 524.txt hammerfall is one of the bigger names out there in the power metal world , and this cd sounds pretty much like the previous 5 albums . the only dofference is that they have gotten worse . i write this review to the two groups of people out there : the exisiting hammerfall fans , and those trying them out for the first time . for already existing hammerfall fans such as myslef , i strongly urge that you do not buy this cd , unless it goes below 3-4 dollars on amazon . for those looking to try hammerfall out and get into the power metal genre for the first time , go ahead and get this one , because hammerfall are by no means bad musicians . they can all play very well , but this cd lacks refinement and creativity . start here and work your way up to the better hammerfall , which you will no doubt appreciate more . hammerfall keeps putting out the same album over and over and over , if you know what i mean . all of their songs sound relatively similar , but this cd marks one of the lowerest points in their career 
music neg 952.txt i really think snoop is a good rapper . he should only have stopped 10 years ago . i 'm very tired of his gizzle wizzle nizzle stuff , and i do n't like none of the beats here . and what 's left then ? nothing . i found out after i bought this album : i 'm not a snoop fan anymore.. . old school is the bes 
music neg 284.txt i agree with other reviewers . do n't waste your money . i should have listened to the samples . to hear more awful fakes , visit the producer 's web site at drewsfamous.com . listen to their selection of garbage before you make the purchase 
music neg 370.txt reviewgium - volume i , issue xvii over sixty and still going strong , neil young has released a new album , largely politcal and essentially a focused attack on u.s. president george w . bush . as opposed to his last album which was a more bittersweet , country-tinged effort , living with war is a pretty much straightforward rock album , mostly electric with a background choir featured on many tracks , as well as an unusually predominant trumpet player on several tracks . musically , it 's nothing spectacular , in fact every song more or less follows the same tired formula , and there are really no diversions from the grunge-like rhythm guitar chords . but the album is obviously intended to have a major focus on the vocals and lyrics . of course , many people do not like neil young 's vocals , but there are many well-developed choral passages throughout the album , including a soulful , a capella arrangement of " america the beautiful , " which closes the album . so basically , i feel the vocal performances compensate- -though not totally- -for the lack of musical diversity . lyrically , the album is pretty blatant ; it could almost be a 60 's protest album . but underlying that , is a ray of hope and an urge to change our country for the better . there are a few decent tracks on the album , even if they are not exactly mind-blowing ( not that neil young was ever a showboater ) . " after the garden " is actually quite a good song as is " shock and awe . " " flags of freedom " is a bit of an upper , so i can probably call that the album highlight , though i 'm sure the more politically-minded citizen will enjoy " let 's impeach the president , " an almost humorous overview of bush 's faltering standpoints . the final three songs divert from the general theme of dismay and protest , and offer feelings of hope and introspection . if you are not a fan of neil young , you 'll find nothing here that will convert you , so you may just want to leave this on the shelf . if you are " anti-bush " you might get a buzz off of the lyrical aspect , but that 's probably the only thrill you will get . i tend to avoid anything political , so music aside , this album 's message does not really appeal to me . it 's like , yeah , people hate the president , blah blah blah , we know...give it a rest . for fans of neil , i would n't exactly say " you 're not missing anything " by avoiding this album ; there is some good stuff on there , but you might want to wait until you see it cheap in the " used " bin at your local cd shop . and for those interested , this is not a crazy horse album . 
music neg 618.txt i love running to the marine corps cadence cds . volumes 1 and 2 are very good . volume 3 sounds studio produced and more choral . when running vols 1 & 2 are better synched for continuous running . the transitions on vol 3 feel out of synch to me . others do n't seem to agree and i still run to this cd ; i 'd buy 1 and 2 first if you do n't have them 
music neg 353.txt i love ray charles when ray 's doing ray . this was terrible . ray was out of tune , out of touch and the song selection was ridiculous . i 'm sorry ray , i love you . it 's a shame this had to be one of your last cd 's 
music neg 814.txt there is not much i can add to these reviews here . just like me , a lot of people here were dissapointed because of the fact that so many classic 2pac songs were remixed only to sound like disasters . why would such an abomination happen ? suge knight is trying to milk the pac legacy until it is bone dry . well at least he has done something right if you ask me . it sucks that this is how we are forced to remember tupac shakur , over tracks chopped up into this . die hard pac fans wo n't even like this , if they have n't heard it already . i 'm so waiting for a remix album of " the chronic " and " doggystyle " . if suge knight was smart you would reissue tha dogg pound 's " dogg food " on dual disc , because that is the only reason why i do n't have that album yet . 
music neg 247.txt the music on this album is performed so exquisitely ; the orchestrations so subtle and yet illuminating , that one is almost tempted to forget what a " what for ? " musical this is . donna murphy plays the title character of fosca , a hugely unprepossessing woman who suffers from more maladies than there are stars in the sky . she lives in a remote miltary outpost where she falls in love with the handsome , virile giorgio . giorgio in turn is having a torrid affair with the beautiful , but vapid clara , a married woman back home . however from the time giorgio comes into fosca 's sphere , she becomes this relentless succubus in her pursuit of him . she shows up everywhere he happens to be ; her ferocity matched only by her inexhaustive capacity for self-pity . to depict fosca musically , sondheim comes up with the most monochromatic score of his career . everything is so lugubrious , dark , portentous , tragic ; punctuated by militaristic strains ( with snare drums ) because the soldiers like to...umm...march . in the end , giorgio is worn down enough by fosca 's attentions that he succumbs . he believes he has fallen in love with her , shortly after which she...dies . as i mentioned earlier , the material is beautifully performed ( marin mazzie and jere shea render the opening " happiness " with a marvelous sense of delicacy and sensuality . donna murphy evokes the proper pathos in the haunting " loving you . " ) , but you come away wondering what the point of it all is . if sondheim is trying to show us how love is largely a chronic disease , then he succeeds admirably 
music neg 512.txt i feel that a lot of bands were good in the 90's . this band was one of them . while yes , they were a bit poppy and sellout-ish on americana and conspiracy , they still had enough bad@ss in them to put on a rad song . i think they should have just did a " da hui " single with " the noose " and maybe " cant get my head around you " on it . this sucks really bad . it makes the average conspiracy of one look like a bad religion album ! ! if you must hear , download or borrow . please guys . quit or make good music . its pretty pathetic hearing " hit that " next to the godawful creed and nickelbland ! ! so we go from a punk-ish hard rock band that is inspired by tsol and the damned and plays punk shows with pennywise to this...a corporate radio rock album that is loved by teenybopper frat boys and the mtv mindless 
music neg 607.txt hey folks , this is brilliant and all , like the articles say , but what they do n't mention is that it 's impossible to listen to . there are no verses , choruses , or even beats to speak of . there are no songs . it 's just a sound collage or something , from start to finish . the booklet prints lyrics but i could n't find ' em . this music is too brilliant for its own good . and you can forget about using it as party or background music . jdub 's other offerings are much better 
music neg 580.txt wots happened to memphis hiphop it goin out the window or its already gone out the window there pushin any old sh' ' out for bucks anyone who is in2 real memphis years 94 to 98 2000 max when rappers were hungry no , s wot im talkin about old underground tapes the only guy doin stuff to that form now is evil pimp and thats a bit over the top but come on guys we want them simple murder beets back with them sik lyrics instead of that shoutin crunk sh , t 36 is now pushin , , , , get back to your roots alot of people are now reachin out for the old siccness from back in the day tommy wright playa fly kinda sh , t even koopstas devil playground piss , s on this wack sort your stall out koopsta 
music neg 252.txt nelly could make the wort rapper sound like a lyricyst , and how dare him to diss krs-one , he just said the truth and he really did not diss him on number 1 , he just added to why he sucks . lets face it , all his songs are basically dumb and and really don , t have much texture involved . and how funny is it that his friends really have no skill and they are all over this album it is just laughable . if you buy this album , you throw away good money . unless you like bubblegum rap . this is more for a teen white girl who wants to be cool , but lets face it , its played out 
music neg 174.txt how can anyone say this chick has talent ? ! ! ! my god , she is sooooooooo bad . and yes , i actually listened to it . the only reason it sounds semi ok is because she 's got millions backing her and that much technology could even make me sound good ! she does n't write any of her songs and she ca n't hold a tune . gives celine a run for her money ? please ! ! ! ! the only singer she sounds better than is paris hilton ! but whatever . if you like it , that 's all that matters . if you like pretty young pop stars , christina aguilera is much better . she can actually sing ! ! 
music neg 679.txt this is nothing compared to their ep , which was great by the way . songs lack of inventive , arrangements and feeling.. . maybe a couple of songs are to be rescued , but no more 
music neg 380.txt i 'm sure it was fun for van to record a bunch of songs he likes , but overall this would have made for a disappointing bootleg . thanks for all the great music through the healing game . all good times have to come to an end 
music neg 868.txt stinkish-i totally agree with you 100% ! ! ! ! what was mattel thinking when they released this item ? some songs are ok , but " hit me baby one more time ? " that song is soooo old ! and so yesterday , by lip singer , hilary duff , is sooooo yesterday ! ! ! ! you gotta be desperate for music to actually buy this or want it.if you think that i am way wrong then include me in your review 
music neg 523.txt after really enjoying the amici forever album , i went shopping for another amici album and found this one . there really is no comparison between the two . i 've tried listening to it several times to see if i 'm missing something , but somehow the selections and arrangements seem more appropriate for the lawrence welk generation than anyone interested in a spicy little opera troupe . i was very disappointed 
music neg 240.txt first of all floetic was a brilliant album and after i heard superstar on the radio i thought flo'ology was going to be a classic too . i was wrong . this album lacks originality , its inferior to be precise . the first time i popped this cd into the system , i found myself being friends with the skip forward button . the length of the records is despicable this cd is not worth having....the only track that stands out for me is superstar and i think common is amazing 
music neg 938.txt ( with the possible exception of klemperer 's fidelio . ) i am deeply comforted to see from other reviews that others are finally getting the message . as mr clinton 's campaign team would say , " it 's the singing , stupid " . do *not* be mislead by the starry names , this thing barks and yowls like new year 's eve in the cats-and-dogs home . do not pass go , do not waste $35 , go directly to josef krips on decca legends for three discs of perfect joy 
music neg 493.txt ok i 'll make it short but sweat great music , singing sucks...this guy is flat every song and he should go back to the honk tonk and get away from rock...if you think i 'm lying listen close how can anyone listen to this voice , he ca n't hold a note and sounds like he has a mouth full of mush , he sucked at country and has no place in rock...home boy go back to texas and get back to branded some cows cause you suck 
music neg 742.txt i have been listening to military band music for years , and am rarely disappointed . however , this compendium of music by the u.s. navy , army , and marine bands and associated choral groups is not to my taste . many of the arrangements are strange , and there is much too much vocal music when what i want to hear is the bands play . i would not have bought this album hhad i known beforehand what i know now 
music neg 94.txt the kidz bop series is the ultimate travesty in music . and do n't think that it 's good just because your kids might love it . kids also like to eat mcdonalds , but do n't try telling me that their food is healthy . there is plenty of good music out there than is clean enough for children . and , surprisingly , a lot of these songs are very inappropriate for children , even with the expletives deleted . there is no reason on earth why these records should exist , excepting for the fact that record execs want to milk more money out of the singles once their radio play starts to diminish . i agree with the person who suggested the beatles as an alternative . seriously , do n't buy this ! 
music neg 826.txt except for the song , mother mother , i did n't really care for the rest of the cd . i bought it for mother , mother so i guess i got what i wanted . i had hoped to like other songs as well , but , oh well 
music neg 49.txt neither the amazon review or any of the customer reviews recently submitted mention this fact . i have few classical and pop recordings in mono that do not impact the listening experience such as ' songs for swinging lovers ' - frank sinatra or beethoven 's opera fidelio - conductor otto klemperer ( testament label ) . the material on these recordings are so good that the listener completely ignores the fact that they are mono recordings . i did not hear anything outstanding on this cd to make me overlook the ' mono ' factor . is this some great jazz masterpiece , recorded live in carnegie hall by two giants of jazz ? i personally do n't think so . somehow this material remained in obscurity for all this time and somebody by accident discovered this gem - if you believe that then elvis is alive and the earth is exactly 6000 years old . with small jazz bands , i like to listen to the musicians communicate with each other within the context of a thesis . examples : ' sunday at the village vanguard - bill evans trio ' or ' new york reunion - mccoy tyner quartet' . i wanted to but could not hear anything of this sort in this recording . this material is more likely to be understood only by the performers themselves and the real jazz aficionados . it may have been hasty but after one listen i decided to sell this cd and i have no regrets other than buying it in the first place . 
music neg 961.txt zoolook~ jean-michel jarre is a case where the artist is way to avant-garde for his own best . after having made amazing albums such as oxygene , equinox and magnetic fields he unfortunately creates this mess of an album . i find it a bit too much like modern art , i.e. , confusing , confounding and impossible to grasp . it also seems like jarre was a bit over confident when he recorded this album . he had recorded some of the best synth albums of all time and decided to create a total arts album and it just does not work . this is an album that should have stayed unrealesed since it is just to avant-garde and sounds more like an experimental sound session rather then as a well produced album . very disapointing indeed ! 
music neg 603.txt with the greatest respect to the incredible bob beldon , joe zawinul , and wayne shorter , this box set should contain a warning . the warning is simple : if you already own most of the stuff in this collection , do n't bother . if you 're completely new to weather report , buy it . coming from someone that 's seen the band perform every year since 1972 and own all their official and quite a few " other " releases , i was really disappointed with this project ( except for the booklet ) . here are a few things that are puzzling : 1 ) a weather report box set includes three songs ( two composed by zawinul and one by shorter ) that were never released by weather report : a . in a silent way . released by miles davis b. super nova , released by wayne shorter c . experience in e ( excerpt ) , released by cannonball adderly ( i agree with the liner notes that point to these songs as pre-cursors , but mentioning them would have been enough - they are all in print ) 2 ) an incredible typo stating that alphonse mouzon was the drummer on " unknown soldier " 3 ) including a barely improved version of nubian sundance that has been in circulation for many years from " other " sources . 4 ) including another " better than , but not by much " version of the " other " sources for the 1978 rockpalast concert on dvd . 5 ) not remastering any of the original recordings . the tape hiss from the live in tokyo ( i sing the body electric ) songs is still clearly heard and not upgrading those old recordings is just plain unacceptable in this day and age . 6 ) finally , the cover itself - i have no words , except to admit " i do n't get it " . having said all that negative stuff - weather report remains the dominant " creative machine " of the jazz rock fusion era and those that missed it should buy this without hesitating . if you 're a long time weather report fan - there 's absolutely nothing to get excited about here . the dvd was especially disappointing to me . i have had that concert on vhs tape for many years and now on dvd ( all from " other " sources ) and was shocked to see such incredible video noise on the official version . zawinul 's black and white keys look like polka-dots in many places . ( i played the dvd in 5 different players ; two tv 's and my computer monitor to make sure it was n't my equipment ) . i should have paid attention to the pr person at sony that told me the concert was taken from a re-broadcast of the show and not from the master tapes . it 's my own fault for having unrealistic expectations . i should probably clarify that while the dvd is in fact clearly better than the " un-offical " version , it still looks like a bootleg ! sad.. . it is of some significance that this " review " is the first time i 've chosen to speak out about something in fusion that was less than flattering . it should also be noted that my disappointment is aimed directly at cbs / sony / bmg and not the musicians / producers . i 'm still amazed that this record company can see fit to release this and hold back the already remastered mahavishnu orchestra live in cleveland cd that was supposed to be released in 2004. lastly , let me make it perfectly clear that zawinul , shorter , and beldon are musicians and people i personally hold in the highest esteem with zawinul and shorter being musical divinities as far as i 'm concerned . while my review is an obvious personal venting , and i realize that zawinul and shorter gave this project their stamp of approval , i think that should n't be mistaken for a personal attack . my remarks are simply observations with some attitude directed at cbs / sony / bmg . by rick calic jazz rock world 
music neg 574.txt my copy of " reckless nights.. . " ( and yours , too , probably ) has a sticker on front that reads : " one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century . " well , i 'm so glad that columbia cleared that up . otherwise , i 'd have had to make up my own mind , and apparently music labels do n't allow that nowadays . i hope similar stickers are included on chopin , mozart , and bach cds ( with the century adjusted on a per-composer basis ) . scott 's gimmicky fare makes for pleasant listening , but not in such a large dose- -monotony sets in after two or three titles , let alone 22. halfway through this cd , i felt as if i were listening to the drone of a defrosting icebox . for all the outrageous hyperbole thrown at scott- -no one else like him , no way to categorize his music , and so on , and so on- -the reality is that composers and arrangers like ferde grofe , duke ellington , glenn miller , alec templeton , and bill challis covered the same ground far more skillfully- -and , in most instances , earlier- -than scott . concert jazz , symphonic jazz , or whatever you wish to call it , was not the invention of any one man , and certainly not scott . check out grofe 's scores for whiteman- -in particular , his writing for woodwinds and his constant , scott-esque use of muted trumpet . listen to duke ellington 's " extended " compositions circa 1929. for that matter , listen to ellington 's 1933 " daybreak express " - -virtually the template for scott 's galloping miniatures . experience bill challis and glenn miller 's pioneering big band charts . or.. . believe as you 're told to believe , i.e. that scott , and scott alone , performed this kind of music . i mean , who needs history when we 've got hype ? it 's up to you , dear listener 
music neg 222.txt i got the cd with only disc 2...it was unopened and had 2 copies of disc two it was rediculus...im happy onme of my friends could make me a copy of the first one.. . 
music neg 610.txt my 8 year old daughter was very dissappointed after receiving this cd for christmas . it is advertised as the cheetah girls 2 - however these vocals are not sung by the original cheetah girls who are in the movie . the songs just do n't sound the same . it 's very dissappointing that disney does n't tell you this on the cd 
music neg 56.txt this is not necessarily an indictment of aimee mann or holiday music....though i do find such disks as being cheesey . i was a bit surprised when i heard mann was coming out w / a holiday album . it seemed a bit above someone who has based a career on not only original material , but non-mainstream music . it has also always surprised me that at the plethora of holiday disks that are out there and how many more come out each year . is it just me - or are there only 18 holiday songs in existance to begin with ? there is only so many different ways to cover " i 'll be home for christmas " , " winter wonderland " - all of which i believe are covered by james taylor , sarah mclachlan and better midler , all of which were released this month . i 'm guessing they are cheap to produce and easy to pull in profits . that being said - i still like mann 's voice and she comes through with 3-4 songs that are above the fray . " whatever happened to christmas " , " christmastime " and her original " calling on mary " . i also liked the fact that she covered " you 're a mean one , mr. grinch " . that seems to suit her more . not my cup of tea - but the songs i mentioned are the reason the disk gets 2 stars 
music neg 105.txt rob touches on so much with this cd . my favorite song is one that has n't got any airplay and , in my opinion , the public missed out a great hit ! " streetcorner symphony " is about people coming together . it 's what i call my happy song . each day as i go to work i play the song as loud as i can get it ! we , my daughters and i , saw him live and he also called it a happy song ! i ca n't wait for his live albulm to come out ! there are fast and slow songs on this cd and will be worth every penny you spend to buy it ! incredible voice and songwritting 
music neg 984.txt the singing is terrible on " fly me to the moon " . do n't take my word for it . listen to the free sample supplied by amazon.com . at 16 seconds into it , when she sings " all i worship and adore " , she goes almost a whole note sharp for several notes ! even someone with no musical training can hear it . the rest of the pieces sound fine 
music neg 102.txt very possibly the worst cd i have ever heard in my life . i could barely force myself to listen until the last song was blissfully over . this is not music . it is stupid noise ! 
music neg 562.txt this album is waaay too deep and self-indulgent for my taste . being a huge alan parsons fan , it pains me to have to say this , but this was almost a total waste of vinyl , energy and money 
music neg 849.txt the fact that this has had no us release was an immediate warning .... however as a longtime fan i figured i would check it out . boy is this bad . there are a few decent tracks , however the truly awful " crazy little thing called love " , " this magic moment " , " only you " - among many others - make this unlistenable . miss ross is a great singer and interpeter - check out the delicacy she approached the billie holliday material . she is a producer 's singer : ashford and simpson , chic , holland dozier holland - even hall & oates - all were able to take her talent and create - in some cases - true all time classics . this is a mess . diana , your voice still sounds great - stop executive producing your projects 
music neg 998.txt gonzalo is a fantastic pianist . this cd however is meant to capture his more thoughtful and sensitive side . however , it is languid and the tunes do n't stand out . it is hard to tell if track 2 is really track 4 as the plodding bass and minimalist approach on piano make for sleepy moments - if driving later in the day . i have heard him with fire and brimstone and sometimes it goes over the edge of taste . but it is exciting . not here . there is barely a hint of any cuban influence in this music as well . now some will like the gentleness i suppose , but with weak material and not much diversity , it sits pretty flat with me 
music neg 795.txt i loved " come away with me " the first moment i heard it . i also had the opportunity to see norah and her wonderful band in concert ... the experience was absolutely fantastic ! i could n't have asked for a better ! so naturally i waited in eager anticipation for her new album " feels like home " which after only one listen made me feel narcoleptic . it was a good thing i did n't try and listen to it while driving . to be perfectly honest , i have n't listened to it since . she is so talented , i wish this effort had been as successful as the first , but not everyone hits a homerun each time at bat . but i still hold out hope that her next album will be better 
music neg 177.txt this is another " rip-off " cd . 3 songs and a video , do n't make this a good purchase . i expect a cd to have , at least , 8-10 songs on it . 
music neg 904.txt this cd just does n't have the quality it should . some of the songs have had the lyrics cut out or removed such as danny boy . i have the cassette and it was great but this just does n't do justice to ray price or his songs 
music neg 774.txt while i doubt i 'll ever get used to the edited ( single ? ) version of ' nights in white satin ' presented here , i have to agree that the song selection in general is excellent for a compilation of this seminal band . that said , the moody blues ( or more likely , their record label ) have n't exactly been shy about releasing such anthologies and hits collections on cd , either . while ' gold ' represents an affordable means of buying some of the best known and loved music from the moody blues , it also is for me one of the most trying listening experiences as well . if i had to guess , i 'd say much of the music contained on ' gold ' comes from different masters than the songs currently found on other collections , and on the band 's original cd albums . there are definite issues with the sonic quality of these songs as presented on this disc . for instance , the music track of ' nights ' is horrendously compressed in comparison to earlier cd versions of this song ; perhaps the record label was working with an unremastered single release master of the song ( my guess ) , but the audible discrepancies between this version and earlier examples ( albeit , in the full album form including the late lament and the full orchestral intro ) are hard for this listener to stomach . i can point to any of the earlier music included here and say pretty much the same thing . whatever the reason , the original source material used for this cd could 've seriously benefitted from earnest remastering work . while i suspect that would 've raised the asking price of ' gold ' , i also would contend that great music deserves such caring treatment . as it is , too much of ' gold ' as issued is indeed quite tarnished , which in the real world given the metal that goes by periodic symbol of au would 've been impossible to do . but evidently in realm of the corporate music world , when selling music on the cheap and banging out sloppily compiled cds it 's very easy to take the most precious and thoroughly muck it up 
music neg 98.txt this cd is not at all what it appears to be . they got other people singing and playing the music , so it 's not what you 're probably looking for . terrible misrespresentation . i was so disappointed ! thank goodness i used my other party cd 's or my guests would have left......and i would have held the door open.....not blamed them for leaving ! 
music neg 400.txt let 's get one thing straight - radiohead may be the greatest thing to happen to music since the beatles . that said , this is not the album for that reason . do not let this album turn you off from radiohead...beacause it is truly not what they are about . there is one hint though in where radiohead will go . in the song " creep " , which is not a fantastic song , there is a brilliant " chu-chunk " made by johnny greenwood . so please - if you are trying to get into radiohead...go somewhere else . for the " rockers " - get the bends , for people trying to expand their musical mind - get ok computer , and if you like that you may become obsessed with kid a . there are some unbelievable songs on amnesiac , but it is not their most cohesive album , and hail to the theif is very solid . thank you for your time 
music neg 107.txt this was one of the most dissappointing debut albums to come out of the mid nineties g-funk heyday . warren g . did n't even produce one song on this sorry attempt at making hard / soft gangsta rap except for the title track that was already used on his album a year before . the skits are ridiculous , the music is halfass , and the lyrics are amateur . there is absolutely nothing that keeps the listener 's attention for a whole album . this is similar to other west coast rap albums that play it too safe such as w.c. and the madd circle 's debut and coolio 's " it takes a thief " . one star for the hit single " summertime in the l.b.c. " . 
music neg 994.txt yes , she has a great voice , but this entire cd is so overproduced , so lifeless , so very boring that i had to force myself to listen to the entire thing - searching desperately for a track that measures up to the voice . she sounds as bored as i was on every song . i hope she wakes up soon before we all fall asleep 
music neg 285.txt this album is one of the best sonic youth album...i advise everyone to listen this album...break the circle of common popular music...this album irritates your soul and freedback your dreams. . 
music neg 848.txt i have both volume i & ii so could n't resist buying volume iii . the music was good , ca n't complain about good pickin ' like that but i did notice that the original intent of the album is being re-thought it appears and it takes away from the entire concept for me . will the circle be unbroken ii was originally made to showcase the talents of the decendents and family of the original players / singers on vol i . it was keeping the " circle " alive by bringing in fresh new sounds from new generations of musicians of those who played on volume i . tom petty ? ? where does that come in to play ? how does he fit in the circle ? i was amazed that " this ones son " and " that ones son " were invited to play on this album , but the huskey 's ( whom i loved for their bass playing ) were totally ignored this go ' round . junior huskey played vol . i , roy huskey jr. ( junior 's son ) played vol . ii . why was n't roy 's son john invited to play on vol iii ? is n't that the purpose of this album ? to keep the circle alive ? roy huskey jr has 2 sons , one of which is a musician ( not sure about the other one ) . where was he ? given the tradition of the albums , i do n't see how tom petty could possibly be invited over a 3rd generation family musician . i was very disappointed to find the huskey 's not on this album . they were the backbone of the first two . not just the huskey 's , but there are other noticeable 's left out of this album as well . it 's just a shame that such a great concept has gone down the tubes . it seems to me , that in favor of the elite , the circle has most definitely been broken which really takes away from what the album was intended for 
music neg 798.txt this cd should have been called " the most annoyingly overplayed songs of the 1990's . " with the exception of " shine , " every single track on this cd is juvenile , mindless , fluff that was overplayed on the radio in the radio until you were ready to scream ! if you 're looking for a cd that represents the greatest music of the 1990 's , check out non stop 90 's rock or forever 90 's instead . however , you might be interested in this cd if you want to host a cheesy 90 's dance party . the songs are kind of fun and catchy if you listen to them in moderation 
music neg 293.txt this was one of the most dissappointing debut albums to come out of the mid nineties g-funk heyday . warren g . did n't even produce one song on this sorry attempt at making hard / soft gangsta rap except for the title track that was already used on his album a year before . the skits are ridiculous , the music is halfass , and the lyrics are amateur . there is absolutely nothing that keeps the listener 's attention for a whole album . this is similar to other west coast rap albums that play it too safe such as w.c. and the madd circle 's debut and coolio 's " it takes a thief " . one star for the hit single " summertime in the l.b.c. " . 
music neg 982.txt this whole post crap grunge is crap . if you want real rock check out gnr , acdc , and any band pre grunge . i know this is a review but how does this grab ya . oh and i wo n't mention the thousands of stupid bands that sing like their trying to go to go to the bathroom . & quot ; oh how did we wind up like this ? & quot ; exactly what i 'm trying to figure out . tesla 's got more talent then all these bands and they ca n't get any airplay give me a break 
music neg 800.txt this cd shocked me . at first i was listening and enjoying the beats on every track . but then listening to the actual content of each song , b*tch this and h*e that . come on , as a young female , how am i supposed to bump this in my car ? every single song on the cd is disrespectful . you know what really makes me mad , this is what 's supposed to be hot , popular . what kind of message is this sending to our young black men ? our young women ? i would not recommend this for any one , especially anyone under the age of 16 or any woman . 
music neg 465.txt the restoration of a vivaldi opera must be a commendable effort specially if filling in big voids and rebuilding major missing parts of the masterpiece . motezuma is such an example where ample musical and artistic license was taken to bring it to life . like restoring a canvas where not only the colors and forms had faded but also sizeable parts were ripped off and lost , reconstructing motezuma presents the challenge for the restorer of thinking and dreaming , and becoming as inspired as vivaldi . in listening to motezuma , one can pick up the original vivaldian compositions from the reconstructed material as clear as looking at a combination painting part picasso part michelangelo . as much as such painting can be taxing to the eye , portions of this opera can be as disappointing to the ear . except for several arias and the two sinfonias , the music has a touch and taste of the 1800 's , but not of the baroque settecento . the juxtaposition of the restorative style is also distractive , and just does not work . it makes at times the orchestration devoid of the vivaldi unf , charm , and texture . nonetheless , motezuma 's musical beauty can be found in great arias such as d'ira e furor armato , la figlia lo sposo , gl'otraggi della sorte , d'ove la figlia ? , s'impugni la spada , and performances by vito priante , inga kalna , and marijana mijanovic . bravo for vito priante and his interpretation of gi'otraggi della sorte , and d'ove la figlia . he does a great ornamentation in the da capos , and turns up the volume in all the right notes . just like " terribile lo sento " , and " orribile lo scempio " , " gi'otraggi " shares the same musicalization . somehow , this version of the score is especially more dramatic and subtlely more melodic . 
music neg 497.txt this is the perfect cd for taking a nap to . it 's mostly full of slow pop and rock . if you 're a fan of this type of music , i recommend this cd , but if not , do n't buy it . there are only a few good tracks . all star , bad reputation , i 'm a believer , stay home . and i do n't enjoy buying a cd that only 1 / 3 of it is good . so , i would n't buy it , if i were you . 
music neg 206.txt anyone who rates this more than one star has mental deficiencies . seriously 
music neg 843.txt this is probably the worst cd i have ever bought . it had won some award and just bought it without listening to it , hopping that it would be ok . i listened to it and threw the cd in the trashbin . waist of money or just not my kind of music 
music neg 741.txt thr pros about this album s that there alot of tight rappers and beats the cons about this album is that clue calls himself a dj but he 's a dumb phony who does n't know when to shut his mouth all he does is yell out throughout the whole album saying stupid stuff and giving shoutouts while the rappers rap he nees o shut up an lets us hear the song if u want this album still , go copy it off the net cause the is not worth the money ohyeah he dose n't even scratc 
music neg 214.txt after hearing " i 'm n luv ( wit a stripper ) " i do n't know why anyone would want to buy and listen to this cd in its entirety . i 'm not going to type a bunch of long paragraphs about why this cd sucks . this cd is a waste and t-pain is illiterate . there ! i said it in one sentence . holllaaa 
music neg 347.txt you win some and you lose some . this purchase was a definite loss . what a dissapointment 
music neg 310.txt after reading her excellent halloween book , i figured her halloween cd would be worth owning . i always search for " different " halloween cds , but this was filled with the same old stuff . chains , moans , and spooky laughs.. . then more chains , moans and spooky laughs . very dissapointing 
music neg 212.txt i received emails about delaying my order three times . since it showed that the product was available , i did n't understand why i had to wait less than two months to get my order . i was so disappointed by the amazon this time ! doing business like that , i am not sure how long you will survive 
music neg 564.txt the 4 cd mini gibson amp ' box-set'leaves off genuine off vinyl 78 , and lp ' harder-to-get ' charlie christian / benny goodman recordings . legacy states " master takes " , but absolutely fails to research deep into charlie christian 's recording history . columbia vinyl 2lp 30779 , ( 1972 ) , and columbia 78rpm c -102 along with the columbia " sextet " cds leave legacy far behind . the wang wang blues -78rpm is n't in the 4cd set , and there are far too many ' false-starts ' , which benny goodman discarded for a good reason . star dust is only about 3 minutes , it 's 8 minutes on vinyl . there is even in-studio handclapping after some tunes . i have the 78s , many col . lps , and there is no " studio-live " takes . this 4 cd box could have , and should have been much better in information , content and genuine charlie christian guitar stylings . the 2 readily available bg sextet cds are a better purchase idea , but there are still those super hard-to-get vinyl lp tracks , which are " the master takes " , left off the legacy / sony box set . musicologist 's suggestion , try to get the vinyl lps. skip this misleading 4 cd set of various tracks , + handclapping = not " good enough to keep " , ( airmail special ) . try the 2 benny goodman / charlie christian columbia cds , amazon has both , and most of the benny goodman sextet ' takes ' are master takes , and " good enough to keep ! 
music neg 296.txt i remember listening to this years ago , and i thought i would add this to my cd library , now i know why it has been years sense i 've listened to it , , very sqeaky , dull , slow paced stuff , bob segar makes this stuff sound like tin foil. . 
music neg 566.txt i think someone forgot to tell molotov that rap-metal / rock-rap was dead . had potential , but the simple riffage and annoying rapping killed it for me 
music neg 482.txt i liked this when it first came out b / c i was 16. i was a rebel , wanted to be part of something different . this is their best work since the weirdness does get lame after a while . favorite song is mongoloid...totally strange but rocking song . " uncontrollable urge " rocks ( in a weird way ) and come back johnny is almost a conventional song . satisfaction is completely unique but its not a good song . the group was obviously trying to do more than music and develop a kiss , multi media , making money kind of thing . i saw them live ( they were horrible ) during their hey day . the most interesting thing about them is while other odd bands were eventually accepted and integrated into the mainstream , devo is still as odd of a group as ever . mark motherbough does a lot of soundtrack work ( rugrats ) and you can hear the devo in all of his work . anybody that gives this novelty group 5 stars is cheapening what true excellent music is . devo came out as a goof , not as serious musicians . they got big in the 70 's b / c they were part of the new wave and kids ( like me ) were looking for alternative music that we can claim our own . 
music neg 733.txt collective soul had a few nice attempts toward pop music like dosage . the main problem i have with this album is none of the songs are hits so no airwaves and the fact that the album probably has about 7 fillers ! its just to flawed to recommend to everyone it may be if you are a diehard collective soul fans . i wouldnt lose this album but i wouldnt buy it again 
music neg 835.txt this cd is pretty awful , you wonder why leona even got the chance to record a cd , one of the worst songs ever is calling , , it sounds like taunting from elementary school kids on the playground , na na na na , na na na na , i agree with the reviewer who said she is a very weak edie brickell sounding singer....... . 
music neg 941.txt i bought two copies of this sacd , both had glitches and would not play in my player correctly , be forewarned . i dont have any other problems with other sacds so i assume it is in the production somewhere . they would lock up for no reason , this is right out of the box , both copies . 
music neg 53.txt when i think of the sex pistols , i think the monkeys did it better as a boy band . let 's face it , dears , that is all the sex pistols were : a marketing ploy . they are f- -- --g nsync for another generation 
music neg 577.txt here 's a line from the song vato on this album : " i would n't be the n_____ that i am if i did n't pop n____z in the mouth . " is n't that poetic ? snoop dogg manages to pull off an amazing feat . he makes sex , drugs and violence seem so ... boring . i feel like i am supposed to be offended . but it 's too boring to be offensive . we have songs about every kind of gang violence , every kind of drug , and every kind of cheap sex . and what are we left with ? he gets two stars because his approach to the city of los angeles is fresh and loving . hip hop should be local , and he does a good job with that . otherwise it 'd be a one-star 
music neg 653.txt if you are buying this because you love rob , be aware this is the rob wearing his goblin cock hat . if you are n't familiar with this incarnation...let 's just say it ai n't the rob of pinback or heavy vegetable fame . same guy , different sensitivity . i fell in love with rob because he seemed to make sense out of all the nonsense out there . on this outing , rob has met the enemy and it is himself . he 's entitled to do as he pleases and you and i are entitled to not care for it . this cd is not an acquired taste , it is a forced-feeding 
music neg 786.txt for those who were fortunate enough to aquire one of the first two releases of the thief soundtrack ( like myself ) congratulations - you have the version of the cd that contains the best song on the soundtrack , beach scene . it has been dropped for this us release . for those who were interested in obtaining the thief soundtrack being mainly interested in the one song , beach scene ( most of the other songs can be found on other tangerine dream albums ) , please realise the following differences between beach theme and the now dropped , beach scene . the song , beach theme is a much shorter track ( almost by half ) and there is a very cheesy , acoustic , " rock n ' roll " , drum beat that was mixed / dubbed over the original beach scene song which has the much more mellow and less invasive electronic , sequenced drum beat in it . it 's beach scene that was both heard in the movie and over the airwaves back in 1981. if that is the song you remember ( fell in love with ) and are looking for , do not buy this latest release . keep looking for those out of print cds - they are out there . on a lighter " note " , it 's very nice to see they added the ending / end-credits song , confrontation . this is a lose / win scenario for thief soundtrack fans - it all depends on which song is more important to you . if you already have the earlier releases with beach scene on it then buying this latest version will now complete a defninitve soundtrack for them as that last song in the movie has now finally been added to the official soundtrack 
music neg 808.txt if the name pink floyd was n't on this cd , who would really rate it higher that one or two stars ? i am a pink floyd fan , but i have to say that i do n't like any of their early works . to me , the band begins to make great stuff with " meddle " and their first cd were boring , even with the pink floyd name on it . the only good track is " childhood 's end " , the other tracks are poor 
music neg 655.txt all of the songs are boring . i hate them . they are slow and boring and they make you want to fall asleep 
music neg 473.txt unfortunately i was extremely unhappy after listening to the album . unlike many other altan fans , i view maireads singing as the weakest part of the groups appeal despite their having chosen some excellent songs over the course of their recording career . the problem is that on this album they emphasize her singing to the almost total exclusion of their instrumentals which was what attracted me to the group in the first place . and the few instrumentals they do play are played with no spirit almost like & quot ; well i guess we have to put a few instrumentals on&quot ; kind of effort . i 'm sorry , but she has a thin voice and is frequently shrill and off-key on many of their songs . she is however an excellent fiddler and that with the superb abilities of the other members and inspired arrangements made them for me the top irish folk group . alas they have decided to stress her poor-to-mediocre vocals instead of their great abilities in playing reels , jigs , etc. i miss frankie kennedy 's flute too . goodbye altan , your best day 's are over unless you revert to the format of the old days 
music neg 71.txt as much as it pains me to say it this live cd is not a worthy billy joel release . in fact one wonders why it was released at all . billy 's voice is strained and is prone to over singing and the arrangements are overblown . from the sound of things billy sounds like he was drunk or on medication . a lot of the running time is waisted with lengthy monologues with the audience . why this was put on the cd is anyones guess but it just neans less songs ! however the good news is that this cd has now been blown away by his superb new 12 gardens cd in which billy is the billy of old . the one who sung well and sung the songs straight as they were meant to be sung . 12 gardens is crammed with 32 songs rather than the 26 on offer here and there 's no timewaisting audience chat ! ! 
music neg 350.txt i got this cd because i loved their radio hits " bring me to life " and " my immortal . " while those songs are beautiful , they are not representative of the rest of the album . although i tried and tried to get into this cd , the hard rock teen goth style just is n't my cup of tea , and the lyrics are too depressing . if you are a fan of bands such as linkin park or seether , you might enjoy this . however , if you only like " my immortal " and " bring me to life " because of amy 's powerful vocals , you 'd be better off listening to tori amos or sarah mclachlan . 
music neg 578.txt this recording is not great company . i 'm really confused : is it a broadway recording or a very poor amatuer recording ? and if so , did this rubbish actually make it to the broadway stage ? i feel for the people that saw it , and were expecting the rich full melodies that sondheim produced for this show . the musical director for this abomination should be called a mutilation director , because that is precisely what he did to the music of this show . so the only advice i give to future musical directors that want to revive and revamp a show : if it 's not broke , please , please , please do n't try and fix it ! some things are just perfect the way they are . do n't buy this cd . i did and it is now a coaster where it gets better use 
music neg 337.txt this is an endurance test . as in ' bitches brew''live evil''love at the fillmore ' latter day miles consists of moments of brilliance combined with long stretches of absolute tedium . it makes ' jack johnson ' a real non event and considering the quality of musicians on board it is a real surprise . take ' yesternow ' it takes for ever for billy cobham to find a beat . this is just self indulgence of the worse kind , a trait which unfortunately perpetrated a lot of the jazz fusion crossovers . miles seems to want to create ' moods ' and ends up with twenty minute plus of wallpaper music . this album is the complete nadir of his jazz crossover period . mcgaughlin 's guitar though breathtaking in the mahavisuna orchestra here contents himself with silly little runs , totally without any structure and fire ( this unfortunately was the same throughout his stay with miles ) disjointed would be too kind a word . when you reliased that this was edited from long jams it makes you wonder how dull the unreleased parts were ( i dread to even contemplate ) . miles playing though usually inspired and lyrical here struggles to solo over the fast tempo 's and is embarassingly weak . maybe if i saw the film it was supposed to accompany i might view this differant , but without that it is just a meandering and unfocused mess 
music neg 537.txt i 'm a big fan of " the boss " , but for the life of me , ca n't fathom why he is unable to follow the lead of larger acts , and actually " unplug " for mtv unplugged . this cd offers no new material that ca n't be found elsewhere , and is basically nothing more than a " live in concert " cd that just so happened to be filmed by mtv . this concert took place in 1992 , and you know it 's pretty bad when you have bands ribbing you three years later about going on mtv unplugged , and then having to go and plug in . it 's not like bruce does n't know how to play acoustic guitar , because he does . i 'm a big acoustic guitar fan , and for someone of bruce 's talent level , to not be able to write songs that can be played acoustically only serves to bring down the level of respect i have for his talent . not what i would consider an essential recording , and not recommended , unless you are such a die-hard " boss " fan that you have to own every album he puts out . otherwise , save your money 
music neg 344.txt although it kills me to write anything less than glowing about edwin mccain ( i think he 's probably the most talented singer / songwriter we 've seen in the last ten years ) , i just can not get into this album . like others have said , i too have every edwin album and have seen him in concert . i love everything he 's ever done... . but this album just does n't do it for me . and i know people will say.. . " give the album a chance " ..... or.. . " let edwin grow and move in new musical directions " . but.... . i 've listened to this album at least 10 times all the way through and it 's just not growing on me . it feels " flat " and just does n't feel edwin-ish ( if that makes any sense ) . even grammercy park hotel , which i saw him debut live and which is on his live dvd does n't feel the same on here... . just does n't have the feeling or soul . i would pick up austin sessions over this album any day . that is edwin doing what he does best . maybe he feels the pressure to write some " hits " so that he does n't have to spend two solid years on the road in the black pearl ( his tour bus ) ..... and who could blame him ? ? ? but this feels like he 's trying too hard . i soooooo hope he comes back with a better album next time , so i can rave about it , because although i gave this album 2 stars... . edwin , as a person / singer / performer / songwriter deserves 10 ! ! ! ! ! ! 
music neg 41.txt i wanted to like brotherhood , for the simple reason that nearly every new order fan this side of the galaxy has dismissed it , usually with a faint whiff of snobbery ( or at least apathy ) . turns out they were right : brotherhood is half an album . most of its nine songs feel unfinished , as if the band wanted to cash in on the success of their 1985 smash low-life and did n't care about the end result . brotherhood is a rush job , plain and simple , but there are still glimmers of hope within this bare-bones effort . " as it is when it was " overcomes the album 's overall muddy production by dint of being mostly acoustic , and the melody is quite lovely . " all day long " , the emotional centerpiece of the album by default , is an intelligent ( if half-hearted ) protest against child abuse . while " angel dust " lacks a decent hook , its subtly danceable beat and effective synth noodlings will at least briefly hold your interest . and the toss-off " every little counts " has a charming sense of humor that is too often lacking in new order 's work . the most popular song on brotherhood is , of course , " bizarre love triangle " . so good it seems to belong to a different album entirely , " bizarre love triangle " is truly new order 's masterpiece . the solid beat , slick sequencer work , and gorgeous melody showcase the band at their best : catchy , danceable , and downright euphoric . ( imagine how well it would have fit on low-life . ) sadly , the rest of brotherhood is unremarkable . the album 's production neatly mixes rock with electronic flourishes , which has become new order 's signature sound , but the songwriting does n't measure up . buy the album if you 're a trainspotter , but casual new order fans would be better off picking up low-life or 1983 's power , corruption and lies . this one is just a footnote . 
music neg 159.txt it was about time the spell kasey chambers originally cast on me wore off - i 'd become a huge fan of the captain and barricades & brickwalls , but there was all something a little nagging about even those two very good records . chambers , a unique betty boop squeak of a voice , was a lustrous presence in rootsy contexts , and the best moments of those records were snarky updates on an old form , but the worst moments were forgettable alt-country duldrums of patched together cliches . wayward angel , chambers ' third album , had some great songs on it , but its pop and country predictability overtook a good half of the album . carnival shows chambers at her weakest - sad girl anthems of generic empowerment about the rain , bad girl anthems of doin-wrong that sound about as risky as songs on the disney channel 's afternoon lineup . " light up a candle " fakes its slinkiness and turns dull , " surrender " adds a dido production of drum machines and computer bleeps that do n't mask the song 's epic ordinariness , ballads like " dangerous " limp along to their own generic lethargy . chambers is n't without charm - " sign on the door " and " i got you now " are impossible to not find fun - yet chambers worst instincts as a song writer threaten to take over even the good songs - " hard road , " a sad and moving movie-ready duet , borders on self-parody - lines like " there 's a heavy jacket / there 's a heavy load / there 's a weight on my shoulders / it 's a hard road " read like a laundry list of related lines from every sad and moving movie-ready song you 've ever heard 
music neg 281.txt i am a 23 yr old mother of a 2 1 / 2 yr old . not only are these children horrible singers , but there is a reason that most parents do n't let their children listen to the original songs.. . they teach them things they do n't need to know . i thought this would be a " kids " version that would get rid of that stuff when i let a child i was babysitting put the cd on.. . and was appalled at how much they talked about sex and other innappropriate things for children . they did n't take that out ! children are exposed to that every day in our world now , telling them it is " normal " and " ok " . parents have a big enough job to teach their children right and wrong with the way the world is today . it becomes a much harder job when you give them something that is for " kids " that teaches them that those things are " normal " . they assume if it is ok for a kids cd , it ca n't be that bad . i think this is horrible and would never spend a penny on it for a child ! some of the songs i like in the originial version and do listen to , and this cd has ruined them ! but when it comes to children who are too young to understand that it is just a song and does n't mean what they say is ok.. . i think it is the worst thing you could buy for your child 
music neg 402.txt i like jennifer lopez , but i am not a fan of j.lo...let me explain . jennifer started her career in the mid 90s , did some promising work ( selena / out of sight / the cell / blood and wine / etc. ) , and a very well done debut album for an actor ( on the 6 ) . everything was genuinely promising . unfortunately , once " j.lo " was born ( circa 2001 ) , her endeavours got weak , too commercial for the sake of money , too fixed only to hype her up , not all that original nor different than anyone else , to truly stand out . " rebirth " is an example of that . when i heard get right for the first time , i loved it , i thought it was catchy . it harkened the days of on the 6..that sassy , groovy , r-n-b vibe she had . then i caught step into my world , the only real r-n-b track on the album and thought , i 'm feelin ' it , definitely a favorite to this day . the the rest came along ( 3-11 ) and i thought , sony & j.lo made this for the sake of money , due to her films doing poorly , hence she had time off to commit to recording a new album . i thought it was a very obviously fake attempt to compensate . i think she is a great performer , a very talented person , but i honestly do n't feel this album makes her an artist , merely a reworking of herself musically . i rank it 3rd in her album line.. . on the 6 ( 4 stars ) j.lo ( 3 stars ) rebirth ( 2 stars ) this is me...then ( 2 stars ) 
music neg 883.txt this album had two good songs at the most . ralph was good with new edition . it 's apparently obvious that he ca n't stand alone . bobby should have been the lead for new edition . then we may never have seen this terrible album . ralph is n't that good of a singer . this shows that just because your the lead singer in a group does n't mean you are the best . ralph is miles behind bobby 
music neg 917.txt there is at times , a fine line between noise and music . nin not only crossed that line in this cd , but stomped on it a few times in the process . not even close to the calibre of with teeth , this cd is a waste of time and an insult to the talent that resides within this group of musicians . songs that go from semi-music to irritating noise and last four times as long as one can abide , while " playing " the same thing over and over and ...well , you get my drift . if great music is your thing , pass this one up . or write me a note and tell me why on earth such a great group would release such an abomination 
music neg 820.txt i wrote a review but i guess it was so bad for ultramagnetic , amazon booted it . the album is trash . nothing at all like the 3 studio albums made over a decade ago . but do n't take my word for it , sample for yourself . ahead of their time ? faith no more . what can i say about this album without my review getting kicked off amazon again ? i 've used no profanity or content of explicit nature but this album highly does . 1988 's critical beatdown never , ever gave that kind of deliverance . that 's why that 's a classic and the best kept secret is not , by any means ( vocally , production , lyrically , concept ) . can i get a witness ? please ? dj moe luv is the only producer on the album trying to keep that old ultramagnetic sound alive here on " vibrato " and " mechanism nice ( born twice ) " the album 's 1st single . ced-gee kills the album verbally and lyrically bragging of 16 bars in almsot every track and being very explicit and obscene ( never heard that on critical beatdown by ced ) . kool keith does fine on solo track " late nite rumble " but kool keith is goin ' nowhere with his lyricism and on most of the other songs , his delivery is sounding just like ced 's towards the end of the album . t.r. love ? m.i.a. you see him in photos , you hear silence from him , he does n't even produce a track . production by ced , moe and 2 others and the other 2 sound like kutmasta kurt producing ( producer for most of kool keith solo stuff ) . i do not mean that in a good way . the beats of " nottz " is bangin ' , the lyrics by both keith and ced should raise eyebrows on what 's next to come for the best kept secret being the b-side to the 1st single " mechanism nice ( born twice ) " . songs like " ai n't it good 2 u " ( 2007 ) and " party started " are for gentleman 's clubs for the girls to dance to . now do you see what direction this album is goin ' ? if you 're lookin ' for ultramagnetic to comback with a reunion album with the same spacey super dope production and / or the masterful , brainiac , monkey wrench lyricism as critical beatdown ; funk your head up and the four horsemen albums gave you over a decade ago , you will not find it here . maybe in the next 14 years . right ultramag 
music neg 557.txt van dyke parks did the arrangements on sam phillips 's debut ' the indescribable wow ' , an album i love so much i thought i 'd give ' song cycle ' a shot . what a feeerocious disappointment ! i 'd give it zero stars if i could , but amazon would n't let me ! my god , that singing voice of his reminds me of david bowie.. . " the laughing gnome " bowie , that is.. . i 've seen the word " coy " pop up in a lot of reviews to describe his singing , er , style , but i 'll go them all one better.. . " smug " . all i hear in it is " ooh , i 'm so smart . what a clever lad am i . " the arrangements or orchestrations , or whatever you call them are all pointless . it gives me the feeling that van 's dad bought him an orchestra and said , " here , son , have fun . " so young van did.. . without ever really learning how to use it properly . randy newman knows how to use an orchestra ; check out his best album ' sail away' . the arrangements are tasteful and , key word here , spare . he never clubs us over the head with them . the lyrics , if we can call them such , have no attachment whatsoever to the music... . but then again since i wrote that the arrangments are pointless i guess it 's to be expected . so , what we have is a trifecta of awfulness : bad voice , bad lyrics , and bad music . however , he did make ' song cycle ' in 1968 and worked on ' the indescribable wow ' in 1988... so he did learn a thing or two in 20 years , namely that arrangements are not songs ; they 're used to highlight a certain verse or chorus the singer really wants to put across to the listener.. . maybe randy pulled him aside once to tell him that.. . 
music neg 180.txt i would have to say that there is nothing whatsoever wrong with the band jet , but when you do n't have any particular characteristics to call your own , there 's nothing to complain about . of course , this means that there 's nothing to compliment , either..except maybe that they do an excellent job sounding a hell of a lot like too many other bands . people compliment them on bringing the ' old ' and adding the ' new.. . ' but i hear nothing new in their music . it 's just ordinary , clichd classic rock , except for some reason no one told them that the classic rock era was about 40 years ago . if i want to listen to classic rock , i want to hear it on the classic rock stations , not the modern rock stations . those are for the new songs , only . an indepth and entertaining review of this album can be found at the pitchfork media website...i ca n't post the link due to strict review guidelines . 
music neg 428.txt i was anxious to hear an astounding modern yet retro dance disc from one of my favorite girl groups of the 80s . unfortunately , instead of picking up on the latest influence of 80s music in dance music , what we get here is predominantly disco flavored tracks that sound painfully dated , with some latin tones now and then . the only semi retro / electro tracks on here ( and my favorites ) are feel for you , love bite , your love is like a drug , and marc almond 's remix of venus . the two lead singles " move in my direction " and " look on the floor " are not even the strongest tracks ! and the remixes on their singles do n't make them much better . i appreciate the commercial direction the girls have taken , but you can still sound mainstream while being more sophisticated than this . take a listen to the new madonna or even the kelly osbourne ( ! ) to hear some infectious melodies with an 80s flair that do n't melt down into total cheese . unfortunately , i just do n't see us radio embracing any of the sounds on this disc . but of course , fans of bananarama should still add this one to their collection . it 's listenable , if not up to today 's standards 
music neg 288.txt he was at his best when he sang about the loneliness , perseverance and dreams of ordinary people . in " sandra " for instance it felt like he was singing about a neighbour . the combination of his warm voice with his piano could be very moving and was definitely unique . in the late eighties he started focusing on merely performing and doing cover versions . he released a few inspired tracks now and then , his first christmas album had a lot of charisma and warmth , and " here at the mayflower " was a sincere effort . he is an intelligent person who cares for music and does n't let his superstardom go to his head . so , what has changed ? and why this late in his career ? barry has reinvented himself as a las vegas entertainer , liberace style . and he 's released an album with unchallenging versions of evergreens . i have no doubt that he genuinely wants to make people happy , like liberace did . and i have deep respect for that . but i personally regret that clive davis and manilow have now decided to manufacture products for a larger audience - one that does n't really have any demands . 
music neg 270.txt [first of all : i only gave this one star because the rating does n't let you go any lower] i only listened to this album because someone who was utterly disgusted with it threw it on the floor and stomped on it , leaving me to pick it up . i proceeded to suffer through it so i could give you fair warning . if you buy this , consider yourself warned 
music neg 267.txt shannon lawson is capable of a much better album . i saw him down in nashville when he was with the galoots , and it was amazing ! if they were to put out a cd i 'm sure it would be one of my favorites . shannon has a voice and a talent for bluegrass music and that 's what nashville should have let him do on his first solo cd . instead they gave it this generic , overproduced sound , leaving shannon sound like everyone else . with the way bluegrass is selling these days , it 's a shame that shannon could n't showcase his enormous talent in the proper arena. . 
music neg 275.txt this album is pure crap ! just a marketing move to capitalize on the sales from straight outta cashville , until he can make a real new album , not this microwaved crapola . if you like buck , get straight outta cashville , an beg for mercy , than wait for his future release , with actual new tracks . i strongly advise you not to buy this . it is a total rip off . i wasted my time downloading this 
music neg 382.txt i gave 2 star for this cd not because of the musical quality...but because the last song " goodnight my love " is cut short on this cd . after watching the live performance on cable , i rushed out to buy this cd , labeled by hybrid . only to find out my favorite song " goodnight my love " was cut short . on the cd , it ends with the sax doing a solo then fades away....which leaves the song dangling and unfinished ! ! ! on the video , this song ends with art singing " bring you closer to me " and the music slowly ends beautifully , correctly . there 's a version out which was released by sony in 2003. i do n't know if this version contains the full song . the hybrid label version is simply ridiculous ! ! ! how can you possibly end such a beautiful song short ! ! leaving it unfinished....and well....short and listeners wanting more ! ! ! if someone can verify if the sony conatins the full " goodnight my love " ...or tell me where i can get this verson , would really appreciate it 
music neg 266.txt this is anything but soothing . the tone is too high pitched ; nothing like the deep bass of crashing waves along the rocky carmel coastline that i was hoping for . i did buy the twofer and got the ocean surf cd by dan gibson and found it much more relaxing , even though it is n't a tumbling surf sound . i was able to fall asleep.. . which was my goal . now if i could only return ocean waves . 
music neg 840.txt i did not get my order . you were suppoused to send my money back . i am waiting . thank 
music neg 97.txt maybe her harp playing could be acceptable , but when she sings.. . everything turns awful . the worst singer i ever heard 
music neg 223.txt do not buy this cd , the first two reviews said this is a good cd . nope . i 'll tell ya the real about this cd . i believe this was 305 's first cd , and i do n't see how this cd was ever in mass production . while it does have a few decent cuts most of this cd belongs to a different artist . 305 got much of the material for this cd on techmaster p.e.b 's masterpiece bass computer . any one who has both cd 's can tell . if your looking for bass , you 'll find it here . but you can find knock with any bass artist . i give this cd one star for biting techmaster 
music neg 139.txt can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music ? ive listened to many bob dylan albums , and every one is a gem . freewheelin ' is my favorite , but so what ? it does n't matter which ones we love , because we all know what bob dylan 's worst record was , and its saved . im not one to question this man 's beliefs or anything like that , bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe , but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is ? could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith ? almost certainly not . but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain 
music neg 36.txt michael jackson is one of the most gifted songwriters / singers of our time . you can discuss his person , you can discuss his behaviour , and all the other stuff , but you ca n't really take that away from him . and that 's exactly why this album is so unacceptable , coming from someone like him - when you 've reached superstardom and gone beyond it , you do n't release a record that 's so horribly mixed up and full of second grade tracks that it 's bound to be a faliure . at least , you should expect to hear for it . and hear for it he did , cause the critics did n't go lightly on this one . and it 's not that bad , actually . i mean , that 's what i have my program function in my cd-player for , and my cd-burner . the album starts on a fair streak - unbreakable , heartbreaker and invincible - are all fair tracks - below average for mj , sounds like a watered down selection of discarded tracks from dangerous that were then discarded for history and then discarded for blood on the dance floor , and full of badly placed guest rappers to top it off - but apart from that , if you forget who made this music , these are actually good , funky dance tracks . for michael jackson they 're passable , but nothing more . *skip* on to track 8 - speechless - arguably the strongest moment on the record . one of only two tracks that jackson actually penned himself , and it shows . the amount of emotion in his voice will knock you prone , and actually proves very well what the rest of the album lacks : joy for the music , and personal emotion . the lyrics are like a poem , and one of the most beautiful love declarations in all their simplicity . top grade to jackson for this one track , and if you are into his music , buy the cd cheeply just to get this track . track 9 - 2000 watts - is another of the stronger moments of the record . this one is simply plain fun , and that 's another important lesson jackson should have lurned - to let go of the reigns , and stop caring whether it 's hip or street or down with the trend - because it is n't - but this is darn good pop music , and nigh irresistable . *skip* on to track 13 - cry - penned by r . kelley . the same r . kelley who is guilty of writing one of the most horrible songs of all times ( i believe i can fly , if you had doubts ) , but it seems that with jackson , he can do no wrong . he wrote the endearing you are not alone - major hit in europe - and this track is possibly even better . oh , forget about the sappy lyrics , and just enjoy the wonderfull music . this is pop writing in top class , and if jackson sounds like he takes the marthyr role a bit too seriously , it 's still one of the best tracks on the record . track 14 - the lost children - is the other song penned by michael alone , and it 's not a bad effort - had it not been for the children choir and sleezy intro , you could probably have ignored the lyrics and enjoyed a nice pop tune . as it is , it falls somewhat flat , and becomes completely choking in the end - but yes , it 's a nice tune . thumps up , mr . jackson . track 15 - whatever happens . ok , that 's one weird track . michael jackson featuring santane . wtf ? well , kudos for doing this , and it actually works , in a sort of absurd way . not single potential , and not a classic , but it 's not embarassing , and as an album filler , it 's completely acceptable as a cureosity . well , what about the rest of it then ? lead single you rock my world was never my favorite - the spoken intro is downright embarassing - but the track is not bad . i can accept that on the record . the same is not true for the horrible ballads break of dawn , heaven can wait , butterflies , you are my life and do n't walk away . one is worse than the next , and every time i just try to listen to them , i start chocking to the degree of loosing my last meal . yes , it 's that bad , no really , it 's horrible . i . can't . stand . these . songs . period . there are simply no redeeming qualities for me . and then the two monstrosities - privacy and threatened - that just sound like a very - very - bad joke on the man himself . tabloid junkie from history actually worked , because it packed a great punch , and well , had not been heart before . well it had been , it was pretty much the same as why you wanna trip on me from dangerous , but still . it worked . ghosts was a good track of blood on the dance floor . forget about the movie that was - well , embarassing . but the music was good . these tracks aren't . they sound dated , repetitive , out of place and utterly boring and uninspired . get over it jackson , we do n't want to hear more about the media nagging you , it 's not going to make them go away . well , all in all , what do we have ... to take the album from a to z : unbreakable - 6 / 10 - a fair dance track . heartbreaker - 6 / 10 - same . invincible - 6 / 10 - same . break of dawn - 0 / 10 - horrible r'n'b overproduced . vomit . heaven can wait - 0 / 10 - same . you rock my world - 5 / 10 - well , at least it sounds new . butterflies - 0 / 10 - more vomit . speechless - 10 / 10 - the flower in the dirt . one true mj song . 2000 watts - 8 / 10 - very enjoyable , and stands out tall compared to the rest . you are my life - 0 / 10 - even more vomit . privacy - 2 / 10 - yawn . repetitive and dated . do n't walk away - 0 / 10 - end of vomit . cry - 9 / 10 - beautiful showmanship , kelly + jackson works - again . the lost children - 6 / 10 - well , it has potential . whatever happens - 7 / 10 - interesting , and well , refreshing , if somewhat strange . threatened - 2 / 10 - same as privacy , and exactly as boring . this yields and average about 3.6 / 10 , or 2 / 5 stars , which actually matches my fealings for this album fairly well . yes , i 'm harsh , but from a man as gifted as jackson , you just expect more . quality control next time , please , mr . jackson . on the bottom line : outtakes the way you love me and we 've had enough showed up on the 2004 ultimate collection and outranked 2 / 3 of this album by far . go figure 
music neg 784.txt roni griffith has just come out with her new release " only you " its great ! ! ! ! ! [...]she has come back so much stronger . check it out . evi 
music neg 548.txt this cd was a big seller upon it 's release in 1992 , boasting a plethora of big hits , along with some new songs . looking back through 2005 eyelids , it 's hard to hear why these songs were so huge....the cd starts off well , with hits from the primitive love album , but as one keeps listening , he realizes that none of these songs have passion or depth , a few catchy melodies and pleasant , if plain vocals . the dance numbers at least keep you awake , but the years 1988-92 found estefan leaning on ballads , and one was barely distinguishable from another ; on top of that , the 4 new cuts feel like padding , to fill a cd 's worth of material for a christmastime release...a couple of hits are missing , too ( i.e. , bad boys ) , so to summarize , nothing truly bad here , but precious little on target.. . 
music neg 572.txt after two albums of wholly instrumental music , joe satriani apparently decided it was time to start singing . " flying in a blue dream " is the only satriani record with several ( six ) vocal cuts . so how are they ? well , satch 's voice is n't superb , but he does an ok job . the problem really is with the material- - it 's clear he 'd gotten used to writing pieces as guitar features . the only real exception to this in my assessment is frantic electric blues " big bad moon " - - the piece is blazing and explosive , the vocal is passable , and satriani is on fire . but pieces like " ride " , " the phone call " and " strange " are all pretty much forgettable ( well , " ride " is actually a bit too irritating to be forgettable.. . ) . the remainder of the material is a mix between exploratory ( and primarily acoustic ) pieces ( " the feeling " ) which are nice but largley filler and " surfing with the alien " styled instrumentals ( " one big rush " , " back to shalla-bal " ) . the exception is the chugging opener and title track , " flying in a blue dream " , which features satriani at his most lyrical as a guitarist . invariably , the album is a bit too weak for its own good- - it 's probably also a bit too long ( about 65 minutes ) and probably would have benefited from being trimmed down a bit . start with " surfing with the alien " , come back to this if you want more of the same 
music neg 552.txt okay , here is the major problem with this release : it is not a tuffgong / island release . the marley family has struggled with this reality for a long time . because bob 's music has become so widespread and lacks the legal protections that american and european recording artists have enjoyed for decades , his recordings have gone onto the cheap market ( flea markets , push carts , gas stations , etc-and now amazon ) . buying one love only serves to strengthen these sleazy record companies and hurts reggae artists and the jamaican economy . look closely at the albums before you buy them . find out what label has produced them and try to stick with tuffgong when possible . 
music neg 419.txt history has a way of making the radical seem conservative , and certainly within the context of cecil taylor 's music , his debut album , " jazz advance " is rather conservative . taylor , known for his relentless , dense music , did not emerge fully formed ( although even at this early date , his music is far removed from his hard bop contemporaries ) , but developed over time . for those of us who enjoy taylor 's music , this record is a historical curiosity , for anyone else , its either going to sound as one permutation further from the early ornette coleman idiom ( indeed , this music is far closer to coleman 's sound than anything taylor would be doing in the ' 60s or later ) . my understanding is that when this was first released , it raised quite a stir . its a bit difficult to see why . taylor is largely melodic- - performing pieces with coherent themes- - his experimentations seem to be in the use of block chords , odd inversions , and in soloing underneath the primary voice at this point . the record is four originals and four standards , and as one would suspect , taylor largely breathes on his own compositions . he is backed by nearly inaudible bassist buell neidlinger and drummer dennis charles , with soprano sax player steve lacy on two tracks . neidlinger and charles are far closer in the hard bop idiom- - their performances swing , charles in particular is playing way inside hard bop . this puts them a bit at odds with taylor , who , while he gives more space than he would on his later work , is still more of a neoclassical improvising pianist than a jazz pianist . when lacy plays , taylor 's form of comping does n't seem fully formed , or lacy does n't seem quite prepared to play inside taylor 's environment , and as a result he sounds somewhat detached from the pianist . the sounds of the future can clearly be heard on several tracks , " bemsha swing " features many of taylor 's clustered chords and runs , solo piano take on " you 'd be so nice to come home to " presents the theme in a barely recognizable fashion and is as close to his future organized chaos as he 'd get , and while original " rick kick shaw " is far away from where he 'd end up , its the first sign of the short of aggression that taylor would harness in the future . the music is enjoyable enough , but taylor would reach such heights that its hard to not listen to this without comparing it to his future works . the other complaint is the sound- - this issue is from 1991 and is in desparate need of remastering . in the end , this is an album of historical value . if you 're looking for an introduction to taylor 's music and are n't ready to dive head first into his methods , try " looking ahead ! " , its a far superior album by which point neidlinger and charles ( who reprise their roles ) were far more closely integrated with taylor 's music 
music neg 463.txt this a great priced cd , but the content is why it is so cheap . it 's a true-amateur album . beethoven lover is over her / his head . this is the real world , not a fantasy-everyone-likes-every-type-of-music world . deal with it and agree with me . it is n't so great 
music neg 117.txt with perverse , mike edwards set out to prove that jesus jones was more than a ` sunny , breezy pop band ' , what he ended up proving was that if they were n't no one was interested . sad to say , but pop hooks were what people expected from jj , and actually there are some here , but they are smothered by industrial / techno gook . stick with doubt , that 's where jj peaked , even if some claimed they had ` sold out' . here they are pushing the boundaries , but that does n't always make for a great listening experience 
music neg 127.txt this cd is garbage . juvenile should go hang him self after putting out this album . he was alright when he first came out but now he sucks the big one . if i was you dont listen to the retards who tell you " this is a good comeback album " . instead of wasting you cah on this crap i recommend welcome back by mase . that is a good comeback album . the only thing that makes the album even worth noting is the beats of mannie fresh . juvenile just was a waste of those excellent beats . a shame they could n't go to ja rule , whose cd sucked with his beats . he has the vocal and writing talent but his beats blow 
music neg 444.txt though these are the songs that make the mills brothers famous , they are not the original recordings that made these songs famous , and not necessarily sung by the same men that sang the originals ( certainly they are considerably older ) . these are ok , but they lack the punch and familiarity ( to a fan like myself ) of the originals . the title , though not actually misleading , leads one to believe you will be listening to the original songs- -they are not . i recommend only if you must have the complete set of mills brothers records 
music neg 522.txt i have to admit , i expected a lot more from mr setzer . the first track was ok , then it proceeded to go down hill from there . not much rockabilly happening , then it all comes clear with " really rockabilly " when he slags off all his traditional rockabilly fans...world wide . he even gives us aussies a serv , even though i do n't think he has ever set foot here . if brian wants to turn his back on rockabilly and try swing , jazz , rock or whatever , then go ahead , but why slag your old fans ? . it 's the last time i buy one of his cds without listening to it first 
music neg 124.txt back 2 da basics *1 / 2 stars yo gotti has made some decent albums , but this one is just so ridiculous and silly that it made me sick , gotti who thinks he put memphis on the map , has some good songs here and there , but the rest are just ridiculous , obnioxus and real pretentious . this is not a good album thumbs down 
music neg 762.txt one good song , of course " the sound of silence " , and the studio version is far better than this one . i am not a fan of the genre as you might expect 
music neg 457.txt of the dozen tracks featured here , chances are the typical listener will only recognize four : & quot ; signs , & quot ; & quot ; sweet city woman , & quot ; & quot ; one fine morning&quot ; and & quot ; gimme dat ding&quot ; - and the last-named is out of sequence , having come out more than a year before the others . the star of this show is lighthouse 's & quot ; one fine morning , & quot ; and rhino must be praised for offering up the full ( lp ) version rather than the 45-rpm edit , which was about two minutes shorter . it 's a shame , in a way , that this song had lyrics ; had it been an instrumental , it would have found a perfect and permanent home - on & quot ; music from nfl films&quot ; - it had that quality about it . as for the other eight offerings : if they wanted to pick some obscure stuff , why did n't they go all the way and throw in dusk 's & quot ; treat me like a good piece of candy ? & quot 
music neg 640.txt i am a cellist of 15 years on the breakthrough of becoming a renowed cellist . this cellist tone is so powerfull and clear.she tells a story this is so clear to understand because the music speaks . alisa should watch the slurs from the f to b and be more gracefull . the apres un reve was ok i guess . she really should of tooken more time . like floating on a dream cloud . when i play this piece i take the music from the begining as a fuzzy dream and play the pitch so the music tells a story and becomes more clear every measure . the elgar is somenthing she might not want to touch because no one plays it better than du pre 
music neg 318.txt yo gotti in the past can spit some raw ish but on this one , i dunno what happpened.....the production seemed too generic , the rapping was pretty average and generic and not that impressive at all , and doesnt carry much replay value....to be honest , id pop in a three 6 mafia cd rather than this one....album was slacking on so many levels , now theres some tracks that listenable , but the rest make it hard to enjoy this album , nothin special bout it at all...this album waz overhyped i believe and flopped horribly.......gotti can do much better than this.....wouldnt recommend anyone to chek it out.... . 2.5 / 
music neg 625.txt never shipped . i ordered this before christmas . they said it was in stock . where is it 
music neg 846.txt look , i dig stand up , and i dig fat jokes , but this guy is n't that great . i got a friend who loves john pinette , but i ca n't see it . he tells jokes about how fat he is , how he likes to eat , how he does n't like to move . its the same over and over and over again . its dull and it 's too easy . they 're not even jokes , really , just comments on how fat he is . also a fair part of his act consists of " asian people talk with accents and thats funny " which i find cheap . stereotypes should n't be jokes , and even when they are , they should n't be the joke . john says something with broken english and the audience laughs really hard . why ? why is that funny , here in the 20th century ? maybe i just do n't " get " his humor , but i do n't think this guy is any good . i perfer comedians who tell jokes . on the plus side , this guy is clean , which is rare these days . but there are better clean comedians around . try getting a brian regan album or an emo philips album . jerry seinfelds album is good too . try those guys because they 're clean and legitimately funny 
music neg 571.txt having been a casual fan of stax records for a few years ; i decided earlier this year that i should go all out and splurge on this 9-cd box set . big mistake . i have many , many complaints about this set ; but what it basically boils down to is that this whole set is an absolute mess . it misses many key b-sides such as otis redding 's " hard to handle " and booker t & the mg 's " tic tac toe " ; and does n't even include every a-side the label released , despite the title of the compilation ( where are the sides that hoyt johnson released for the label ? ) . the linear notes by steve greenberg ( the man who gave us that phony " soul queen " joss stone ; and the headache-inducing baha men ) are horrible , mostly focusing on his personal opions of the artists and / or songs rather than the stories behind them . and within the sections for each disc in the booklet ; they entries are n't actually arranged in any particular order ( least of all the order of the tracks on the cds , that would make too much sense ) . and there should 've been more photos , too . add to this the set 's main problem : the music . the fact is that most of the songs on here are really lame . seriously . " why did you buy it , then ? " i hear you say . well ; the stax songs i was familiar with ( such as " green onions " ; " b-a-b-y " ; " you do n't miss your water " ; " ( sittin ' on ) the dock of the bay " ; " soul man " ; " born under a bad sign " etc ) are all great songs . " well , why do n't you like this set then " you 're thinking . answer : because the 30-or-so great songs on here are sandwiched between over 200 filler songs over 9 discs . if you think i 'm being harsh on these songs , i 'm not ; i can appreciate songs like wendy rene 's " bar-b-q " and the memphis nomad 's " do n't pass your judgement " ; but aside from a few good numbers and a few pleasent-but-dull numbers , most of the non-hits on here are pretty bad . basically , if you really like a stax artist then go and buy a best-of for that artist ; if your looking for a sampler of stax 's best songs , then go and buy the 4-cd stax story ; do n't bother with this one 
music neg 385.txt i own this set , as does my roomate , and we both hate it . it highlights bands like ' red lorry , yellow lorry ' that no one likes or listens to , and uses great classic bands like bauhaus ' worst song as the first track . it is the hollow , tin-y , embarrassingly hokey side of goth , and i am ashamed to even have it in my house 
music neg 714.txt i like a little bit of it , doesent mean its good , i wont throw it away or anything , ill just let it sift...wait...and look at the album cover most of the time . slayer is getting better though 
music neg 997.txt blues singers should n't try to go mainstream . if they do try and succeed , fine . that means they 've stayed true to their roots . when they try and fail ( as susan has done with hope and desire ) , one would hope they 'd try to get back to where they started . for me that was just wo n't burn . i guess when one is happily married with children , it 's hard to sing the blues since you 're not feeling them . . . you 're faking them 
music neg 873.txt ryuichi sakamoto 's credibility is on the precipice with chasm , a turgid unlistenable work of crud . check out coro and only love can conquer hate , both sound like factory machinery at work . dire , dreadful and diabolical . stop being the artiste ryuichi and have a go at entertaining . your fans deserve better 
music neg 924.txt a lame group of angry teenagers screaming about themselves . ironic lyrics like " image of the invisible " do not make them intellectual . this trash is not music . get it off my radio ! if only i could give 0 stars. . 
music neg 920.txt as others have noted , this was a time of turmoil for the group . now trimmed back to a fourpiece ( they had just lost guitarist / singer bob weston and singer dave walker ) , they also changed producers after 5 straight albums they had either self-produced or collaborated with martin birch on . this cd also leans really heavily on material from bob welch ( this would be his last release with the band ) and it suffers deeply for that . most of the few highlights here are furnished by christine mcvie . the title cut is a nice lament about male prevarication . the understated " prove your love " is also a winner . of the welch contributions , the only real standouts are the mystical " bermuda triangle " and gentle closer " safe harbour " . there are plenty of miscues , filler , and outright bad material here . mcvie 's " come a little bit closer " is produced like it wants to be a hit , but it 's much too slight to stick in the memory . welch 's " she 's changing me " sounds like chicago colliding with the mac...the horns do n't work here . the handclap bridge in " silver heels " seems too poppy and out of place in the context of the rest of the tune , which is execrable anyway . the silver lining to this disc is that what might have been a death knell turned into the band 's finest hour just one album later. . 
music neg 28.txt i was disappointed with the album as a whole . when i heard the song " drink to me babe , then " , i thought it was great and sounded like the shins . the rest of the album was boring lyrically 
music neg 675.txt a tenor very quickly on the rise , this is villazon 's second recital disc , one devoted to arias by gounod and massenet , all in sets of three , three for massenet , and two for gounod . while still showing great promise , some concerns that were mildly serious with the first disc are even more so , in the french repertoire , in part because diction comes up so short here . " o souverain " from le cid continues to show villazon 's command of line and squeezed but adequately forceful upper register , so that the volume boosts from the control room are really unnecessary . diction here is already an issue , as many ` u ' vowels get dipthonged , especially when villazon 's sound is placed back for added weight and volume . ` la reve ' from massenet 's manon is comfortably floated , with support from natalie dessay as manon enhancing the intimacy of feeling to this number . would villazon been able to sing the short aria by alain ( who appears to the heroine at first to perhaps be little more than an apparition - shades of frau ohne schatten perhaps ? - in almost a chamber opera ) , from massenet 's griselidis ( track 8 ) , at least as softly and lightly , as both the music and dramatic situation require , this could have also been very successful . he instead turns the aba shape of this mere chanson inside out and makes a wreck of it . the less often excerpted " lorsque enfant " from werther closes out the first massenet set , as does " pourquoi me reveiller " the second . villazon 's identification with the distraught main character of this opera is abundantly clear in both . he capitalizes well on the quixotic emotions and dreamy tendencies of the distraught main character especially well in the first selection , and he is also less intruded upon by the producers or sound engineers there as well . it is quite curious how the control room follows the tenor up a crescendo on a line that closes out the first section of the excerpt here from massenet 's roi de lahore , featuring a hero ( from hindu myth ) that bound to certain stipulations , has literally returned from the dead . not quite as ostentatious as massenet 's near remake of lohengrin , esclarmonde ( but with female protagonist instead ) , it is one of massenet 's most colorful scores . it has only been recorded complete once commercially , with joan sutherland , luis lima , and appearing only ten minutes apart , james morris , and for the part of general unfortunately eliminated from this scene here , john tomlinson , along with one other cut to villazon 's part . it would 've been more valuable to have all this complete instead of one or two other arias . he captures the incipiently worried tone of alim well , but his coloring up the vowel sounds makes it seem that he has come from a place as remote from french culture as where the opera takes place . most successful of the gounod selections are two of the three rarities . the first is source delicieuse from polyeucte , based on the corneille play . it opens very well with a minute of orchestral cortege . it perhaps has only been recorded once before and well , by roberto alagna ten years ago ; villazon conveys the heroism of the piece somewhat well , if not as securely as alagna . anges du paradis from mireille ( which mirella freni championed and recorded complete for emi ) , is third , perhaps a study for ah leve toi , soleil ( romeo ) , several years down the road . the second gounod rarity on this disc is " inspirez-moi , race divine , " said to be a caruso favorite , from reine de saba . its text indicates king solomon 's prize hired builder , adoniram , to be a very confident , if mildly haughty chap . villazon 's interpretation seems to portray a hero that constantly has to look behind his back , with all the incipiently yet controllably vibrato ridden throb and backphrasing villazon engages in here . the high c at the end , however , is convincing . such device as in the above , also accents and colors most phrasing in the tomb scene from romeo et juliette . " ah ! leve toi soleil " opens the first gounod set , and is sung with the right ardor , conventionally marked by tiny captured scoops , coming off phrases . villazon 's entrance and two later lines catch for having placed so far back in the throat , and intonation gets momentarily derailed . " salut , demeure " from gounod 's faust quickly becomes expressively leaden and monochrome . recitative and the beginning of the aria , " ah ! fuyez " from manon begin well nuanced enough , and for the aria , truly softly as a change from so much else on this disc , but all-purpose bench pressing and volume boosts intrude before long . that leaves two truly atmospheric selections from two massenet rarities , to close this recital - first , an aria from roma , massenet 's swan song for the lyric theater and " ah ! parais " from le mage , opera with plot line similar to that of verdi 's aida , following . the melody , introduced by the cellos at the outset for the latter , somewhat takes after " pays merveilleux " from meyerbeer 's africaine , but in more voluptuous color , such as in thais , and villazon and pido both capitalize well on its opulence . pido 's work , on numerous other numbers on this disc , seems heavy , lumbering , cloying , or just simply out of his idiom , so to speak . word has it that villazon , while not having a big voice , is dramatically exciting on stage and probably more immediately engaged with the content of what he is singing . how this picked up a major award from gramophone , for the specific problems this disc has , and over two more qualified nominations ( ciofi / di donato handel duets and a florez album ) is mystifying . so much digression here is over the very specific demands that french opera makes on singers . there 's much reason for hope for this tenor , but this disc , for two-thirds of it , does little to help fulfill it 
music neg 875.txt this album in some ways is a perfect antithesis of the quirky , wacky , vivid personality of the first three galactic studio albums- -this is boring , flat and generic . is that stanton moore or a drum machine ? precede straight to garage a trois 
music neg 598.txt the problem with america was that started out great . the first album was fresh and different from everything . three young boys and accoustic quitars was a song all it own . " horse with no name " and " sandman " , was what pave the way for them . the problem was that each album after that they got farther away from their roots and into the middle of mainstream pop . they should of left " muskrat love . " to the captain and tennille . this album does a fine job of showing their career from beginning to end . the problem was that there was their first two albums , ( america and venture highway ) and there was their others . my recommandation would be to pick up the first 2 and leave this for the die hard fans 
music neg 8.txt there are 2 really good songs on here . the first is " untitled , " which sounds like gibbard was listening to a lot of brian wilson at the time he wrote it . the percussion sounds like it could have been on pet sounds . " underwater " is a pretty good song...but the real jewel on the album is " send packing . " it really is a beautiful , well-written song . the rest of the album sounds kind of thrown together and most of the songs would have been much better if they had been recorded with real instruments . basically , the novelty of the kid instrument thing wears off really quickly . all in all , i would n't spend 10 bucks on it , but a couple tracks are pretty good 
music neg 821.txt i had reviewed the first edition of b'day and i personally called it " business day " because beyonc could not offer what we could expect from her especially after the highly acclaimed dangerously in love . actually , in my opinion if ne-yo had not inserted irreplaceable " in this project , it could have been a bust . i agree dj-vu and beautiful liar were hits but i give the credit to the casting rather than the script . had these songs been given to india arie , god knows what was gonna happen ! how can she accept to put out such a poor album ? some said beyonc views releasing albums in quick succession as a means of ejecting herself from her contractual obligations to sony columbia and team up with jay-z to form a new record label.. . but this cannot justify such an inconsistent and poor album . ne-yo confessed that the r&b genre is suffering from serious malaise . " people just forgot what it was supposed to be , what it was supposed to feel like , the essence of what it is , " he says forcefully . " it 's a vibe , it 's a feeling - - it 's supposed to make you feel something , as opposed to , ` let me go eeh-eeh-eeh-eeh-eeh and put a beat behind it and see if people will dance to it . ' come on man . there 's more to it than that.. . " ring the alarm from b'day falls in the same category . i read a reviewer who proclaimed b'day to be the best he 's ever had and this is like saying george bush is the best president america has ever had.. . does this person know the beatles , stevie wonder or aretha franklin ? i suggest him to go back to the stores and get one of their albums and he will then be able to differentiate between music and marketing . i suggest the same reviewer to get albums called what 's going on ' ( marvin gaye ) , purple rain ( prince ) , the day ( babyface ) , or even the recent let 's get lifted ( john legend ) . it is very sad to see artists ( especially hip-hop ) concentrating on making hits , shooting sexy videos with the major target being going platinum and most of the time i find it better to buy the single and not the entire album since they all are full of fillers . what follows is that after a few months we completely trash their records . africa is the world 's second-largest and second most-populous continent with 900 million people . maybe if the same guys had a purchasing power which exceeds latino market , beyonc would be realising another edition in swahili which is the most widely spoken language in africa and she would be arguing she 's had a great love for african culture ever since she was a child pretending she 's coming back to the roots . anyway , let 's not be fooled by these music industry games , their aim is to make money and this entails ignoring the basic artistic aspects . i agree bootylicious beyonce is the hottest lady in the music scene at the moment and none has denied her natural talent as a singer but she needs to refine her albums and give us s.th that can reach our soul . there are some female artists who are making good music without injecting too much cash in marketing to force sales : corrine bailey rae and heather headley 
music neg 479.txt forget the fact that despite the grumbling about today 's " music " too many people just swallow and digest the slop record companies throw at them , " hollaback girl " is the absolute dumbest " song " i 've ever had the displeasure to hear . there are two main parts to this travesty : 1. where she says " that 's my sh** " no less than a million times , and 2. she demonstrates that she 's hooked on phonics by being kind enough to spell bananas for the rest of us . if this is supposed to be rap , stefani failed miserably . if it 's supposed to be dance , again , she failed miserably . to be honest , i do n't know what the hell this is supposed to be because it sure is n't music . the fact that it was number one for so long proves that perhaps people do n't have any requirements for their ears . - donna di giacom 
music neg 794.txt i definitely understand why this band is classified as emo . this cd helped me solidify the impression i had that i do n't care for emo . the album is not bad and the band is tight enough for a young band , but the issue i have with emo and with this album in particular , is it 's not really anything . it 's not hardcore , it 's not really melodic....it 's sort of stuck in the middle of both but not quite reaching either one . maybe i 'm not the target audience for emo or this band....i get that , that 's ok . i ca n't stop thinking thursday seem like they 're trying desperately to sound like fugazi and never really getting there . and that 's the rub of it i guess....with bands like thursday and she wants revenge...they appear to be reaching for the roots of alternative / hardcore or newwave music but for someone who knows what the real thing sounds like , they 're a poor imitation . the sound is immature and lacks the urgency and edge that the original bands had at the time . i have a friend with a 14 year old son who asked me to burn him a copy of this cd . i think i 'll just be giving it to him and calling it done 
music neg 589.txt i have *not* listened to this album in full . i am , however , completely turned off by the fidelity of all the samples i have just listened to . there 's no excuse for an album sounding that bad in ' 69. ghad , there was zeppelin , hendrix , clapton , miles - who recorded this thing ? all musicians on this cd are superlative examples of their mastery of their instruments , but the above reviewers in general are correct . holdsworth made lifetime along with tony william 's kick-ass drumming , and most probably insisted - perfectionist that he was , and still is - that it *sounded* like something other than a bootleg . personally , i 'd regard this as something a collector should have - it 's for a devotee , not for someone trying to access the genre for the first time because the fidelity is just darn terrible - and one of the above reviewers is so correct . it 's like dylan looking for his " girl from the north country " , or " knocking on heaven 's door " . at least they let tony williams in so he would n't sing any more ! all gags aside , a dissapointing effort . overpriced , but one to have if you are a collector . you have to strain to hear the seed of what was to become holdsworth 's version of lifetime , which i have not forgotten for 30 plus years . a quantum difference in fidelity , and quality of music . i 'd rather buy tony william 's lifetime collection if i had to make the choice . i 'd be tempted to pick this one up on peer to peer if i was desperate.. . very unimpressed 
music neg 442.txt most of these songs were previously sold on other albums from martina . what a waste of money to buy this album of mostly " old " songs and only a few new ones ! martina is sucking money out of the pockets of hard-working individuals . maybe she should try getting a real job instead of using the average working person to support her lavish & luxurious lifestyle . many of us are living in trailer parks & working 80 hours a week while martina sitting on her a** in her million dollar house making money like rain ! you , the people who are buying her albums are making her rich...what the hell is wrong with you people ? do n't buy her albums and let her get a freakin ' job so she can feel what it 's like to work every day and actually earn a damn dollar ! martina , quit using poor people to accommodate your ridiculously high lifestyle 
music neg 394.txt this was just to much country for this parrothead . i liked one song , piece of work and that was about it 
music neg 254.txt understand , i love springsteen . born to run is my second favorite album of all time . i have seen him live over a dozen times . i personally think he is the single most important american rock and roll artist ever ( with apologies to elvis , chuck berry and dylan ) . i even loved nebraska , so do n't tell me it 's an e-street band thing or a rock versus folk thing , but this album is unlistenable . some reviewers have called it beautiful and powerful . that 's rubbish . there is a complete absence of melody on this record , as was the case with much of the ghost of tom joad album ( with a huge exception being " youngstown " - a great song ) . the apparently willful attempt to alter his singing style to sound like woody guthrie or jimmy rodgers is just frightening . dylan could pull it off , bruce just disappoints . but it 's the songs and lack of anything remotely resembling melody that makes this record a failure . believe , i listened to devil & dust 10-15 times in hopes of finding what i am apparently missing . i couldn't . i thought the rising was a nice album . i even liked the devils & dust solo tour ( bruce is a powerful performer , and maybe even more commading when it 's just him on stage ) , but i doubt this cd will ever find its way back into the player 
music neg 902.txt i bought this album on the strength of positive reviews and personal charts displayed on amazon.com and amazon.co.uk . these suggested that eloy 's silent cries and mighty echoes album was redolent of pink floyd and yes . actually it is , but only both bands at their very worst . the album opens with an inept attempt at gilmouresque doodlings circa 1973 , moves on to some truly rank singing , with the singer 's phrasing hardly assisted by a strong german accent and thus the suspicion that he does n't understand the absurdity of the lyrics . actually , at times the lyrics do remind one of jon anderson at his silliest , although we forgave mr anderson and yes because they were superb musicians and songwriters . with silent cries & mighty echoes the tunes are pooor and for progressive rock , the song structures are of almost childlike simplicity . that this album was made in the late seventies is extraordinary in itself . it would have been appalling in 1972. to discover it was recorded in december 1978 is gob-smacking . unforgiveable tosh 
music neg 90.txt afi used to be a pretty good band . then , they decided to go emo-girlie-boy . the lead singer has made adramatic change from smelly-goth-dude to perfect-manicured-emo-girl / guy . what happened to smeely-goth-dude ? some of us actually like the music , not the " emoness " . not only that , but " miss murder " was waaaaay overplayed , and now it is encrested into my brain . i mean , come on , it 's not even that good of a song . afi is looking to appeal to the mainstream . there 's nothing wrong with that , if you keep your old sound , which this band has failed to do . this , my friends , is afi 's worst album , if not hte worst album of 2006. check out the older afi stuff . " sing the sorrow " is okay , but if you want truley good music , you have to go back into their ninties albums 
music neg 54.txt this one is for you . but honestly now , the guy does n't write- -beautiful voice- -but songwriting is a major appeal . so guess a solo garfunkel is a lot like a step above justin timberlake . ok , there are definitely highlihgts like a heart in newyork , ( what a ) wonderful world , but generally this a very casual compilation , good for a couple listens . in general , art garfunkel is n't really good for more than that . check out him witht paul simon , that is amazing stuff , but this is kinda boring . i might have a bit more respect if he wrote the songs- -but even though there are good songwriters writing for him , the songs are still sub-par 
music neg 576.txt i do not understand why people are so waxing poetic about this album . there is nothing new or ' fresh ' or ' original ' or at all thought-brovoking about this music , unless you happen to be easily pleased by any simple pseudo-pop sound . i have only recently discovered the world of no-wave music , but i was introduced to it through artists like arab on radar and scissor girls . so when i tried out my first sonic youth album , i was way more than dissapointed . i do n't know how this can be classified as no-wave anymore . sure they show some trait in a few wailing off key guitars and an occasioinal shouted spoken word , but they are all only half-assed and are muddled up in cliche indie pop love tunes that have only been done in every other band . the most notable anything is the catchy medlody of becuz . it is really catchy , yet it managaes to be unique enough to rise above the typical " catchy tunes " ethos . xiu xiu 's " knife play " would probably be considered more of a pop / no-wave sound that does not sacrifice the aggressive anti-music drive of no-wave.. . and still retain the emotional pop sinsibility . i do n't know. . all i know is that wasing machine is a letdown . it does not reach me artistically by a long shot . emotionally , i can think of am million other artists ( mars volta , emerson lake & palmer , clouddead , ulver , edvard greig ! ) who can put me on a much higher cloud and help me get in touch with the human condition . this however is far to cheezy , and i do n't know , but i think it reeks of that shallow indie fashion clique. . 
music neg 811.txt ...sorry , guys , i think that the cover says it all . totally out of focus and falling apart . i much prefer his later work 
music neg 194.txt i 'm surprised this show got past season 1. honestly , more talent can be found in my local karaoke bar . this show does not discover talent , they produce and market it . it is really demeaning to musicians everywhere . the judges are a joke , i guess the producers tell them what to say . simon " the jerk " cowell tries hard to be rude to everyone , hey...he has made a living out of it . randy jackson 's vocab is limited to " yo " , " yeah " and " dawg " . paula , who 's the only one who i think deserves to even comment on the singers..unfortunately praises everyone , be it for their performance / energy / character / looks / ( fill with any word of your choice ) . all in all , a total disaster...only in shows this sh*tty , can no-talents like william hung be hailed as a celebrity . i am shocked people other than the families of those participating would actually spend time and money voting for these posers . on a more positive note , it 's good that people do n't actually buy the albums , thus resulting in total disappearing acts from idol winners like ruben and fantasia...now we just need the american public to stop tuning in to the shows . well , hope is all we have , right 
music neg 744.txt i like to have natural sounds or some type of ' yoga style ' music while i 'm either practicing yoga or just trying to relax . this cd just did n't fit . there are a few ok ' songs ' but the rest of it is either too fast / upbeat or there 's too much talking / chanting . i found myself distracted when i put this cd on 
music neg 871.txt having been a fan of joan osborne 's take of " son of a preacher man " on her original indie record and " heat wave " from the recent ' standing in the shadows of motown ' soundtrack , i was looking forward to hearing this record of covers . i was ultimately disappointed . first of all , i have to say , there are two real gems on here that really needed to be updated , one for its amazing vocal / instrumental sound ( the spinners ' " i 'll be there " ) and the other for its message ( timmy thomas ' " why ca n't we live together " ) . to be sure , there are some great tunes on here that i am always up for listening to , such as stevie wonder 's " love 's in need of love today " and undisputed truth 's " smiling faces somtimes " , but osborne adds little to these . when she does change things around , the effect is questionable . i know that norah jones has brought back the torch song style , but osborne 's bluesy take on edwin starr 's " war " is seriously misguided . the same is true when you rip the melody and add bland vocals to classics like aretha franklin 's " think " or the band 's " the weight " - especially since the former could have really used some punch from such a powerful singer like osborne . overall , this was a missed opportunity . i hope her upcoming 2005 record is a reinvention 
music neg 894.txt i have been a ronstadt fan since the early 70 's , and although the nelson riddle stage and the mexican stage were not my style , i still loved her vocal perfection . this is truly the only album i have n't played more than twice ( i did n't like it the first time , which surprised me , so i tried it again ) . it does n't showcase her voice or her talents . the songs are very ho hum . linda , put out a christmas album ( been waiting for years ) , and try to get sweetness back for this old fan 
music neg 176.txt i love this band and have all the rest of their cds 
music neg 951.txt this never should 've been pressed . they should 've taken the mix and thrown it out . do not buy ! ! 
music neg 75.txt i was disappointed by ms. jackson . though it 's not such a big loss b / c i did n't pay much for it . none of the songs " jumped " out at me . thank god i did n't waste time putting this on my ipod why upset it 
music neg 342.txt i never could understand why the beatles are so popular ? they are pretty boring too just like pink floyd . each and every song on this album can put me to sleep in about 55 seconds . i just dont like it because it sucks ! dont listen to the moronic 5 star reviewers below . the beatles only made one good album and that 's the one which contains ballad of john and yoko , hey jude . 
music neg 131.txt there is a reason why you cannot listen to any tracks on amazon - you would n't buy if you could . i read a number of reviews and figured that it was worth a try given that metallica was mentioned as being similar in some small way . this band is nothing even near metallica . i have thrown the disk away - do n't bother 
music neg 844.txt i had the privilege of attending recitals of many of the 50 's and 60 's jazz legends - before they became household names . it was truly an honor and a blessing to be part of an era that will never come around again . i heard brief notes from this cd and i must agree that mr. winston did attempt to capture mr. guaraldi 's timeless expressions , but the this production did not have the same " golden flow " as the original . 
music neg 594.txt ok......avoid this at all costs not worth your money ! ! ! ! as luck would have it i found it a a garage sale . the only track whorth listening to is track 12 which is vivi 's theme from ff9. the others well....they could have done better . most of the songs are to put it nicely......suck ( at least the way they where done ) . the only reason i rated 2 ( 1 1 / 2 to be accualy ) is because of vivi 's theme at the end . this is not whorth your time . get the imported cd 's they have much better music on them 
music neg 829.txt i ca n't , for the life of me , understand the appeal , or better , the necessity for the black crowes . to call all the riffs recycled is to give them credit for originality they do n't possess...there 's nothing here that has n't been done better , with more creativity and feeling , and of course , originality , by the stones , faces , et al...and it 's not a valid counter-argument that the stones stole from the great blues masters , because , of course , they did...but what they also did is add some value , something of their own , that was completely fresh...what these guys have done is the aural equivalent of sewing a new name tag on. . 
music neg 112.txt any one who is a fan of luther vandross will be sorry if you purchase this cd . it 's not a tribute.......it an abomination 
music neg 265.txt i got this album because obie trice did some great stuff on the 8 mile soundtrack , so i figured i 'd check out what else he 'd done . this album just does n't live up to that . 
music neg 530.txt as others have noted , this turns out to be only a handful of lullabyes in spanish sung by maria del rey , plus nursery rhymes spoken by children and men ( not very good for putting a baby to sleep ) , plus the whole thing repeated in english . in addition , i had been looking for traditional latin american pieces and apparently all of these are contemporary . do n't waste your money...i 'm planning on giving my copy away if i can figure out someone i know who could actually use it 
music neg 298.txt i was disappointed when i received this cd . although it is original , the music is hard for me to listen for more than a minute or two . by your side , ( my favorite ) is good for about two minutes . then the beat gets off track , and starts to sound terrible . if this was done on purpose , i cannot fathom why . i know this is " lo-fi " , but a hint of bass would n't hurt at all . as it stands , the cd sounds like an unfinished product , and is not nearly good enough to stand on its own . i think this cd would best be used for some sampling...especially in today 's hip-hop . if you are looking for beautiful , relaxing music...look elsewhere 
music neg 211.txt metallica never recovered from the death of cliff burton , as this album is prime evidence of . he helped to bring depth to the songs that is not present here . also , newstead only gets one song on this album , which is ironically the best song on the album . in the history of metallica , this album marks the transition from artistic song writing to commercial 
music neg 592.txt do n't think dale can play a song the same way twice . did n't like the selection of songs nor the way they produced . 
music neg 647.txt made another bull**** album . honestly i did n't hear this whole album . about 5 years ago i was ridin wit one of my boys and he played this cd . oh my god for the first time in my life i wished i was deaf . i see the reason why her albums sell though . cause its her looks and nothin else . she 's not ugly at all to me . she just ca n't sing . but she can livin up a crowd . i 'm just waitin to see her and 50 cent doin a song together , two of the worst people in music , millionaires . go figure 
music neg 70.txt i was never much of a chili peppers fan over the years , but i thought i 'd give them a chance and listen to this disc.and just as i always thought , it 's crap . very few bands have been able to pull off the repulsive people / repulsive music combo as thoroughly as these guys have . i feel like i need a bath after just looking at their picture . as far as the " music " is concerned , the singing is awful ( deadpan monotone voice ) , the instrumentation is very limited , and the overall production is 2nd rate . the only plus , if any , is that the band manages to show some progression on the newer material , which is still not very good . the fact that this band has been successful over the years just proves that a lot of people have really bad taste . 
music neg 600.txt well , the labels did it again . first , when they released the album " dream " on cd . their biggest hit from that album " you never done it like that " turned out to be a re-recorded version on the cd release . they did it again with this " ultimate collection . " that being said , i love some of their other hits , especially " the way that i want to touch you . " luckily , the rest of the tracks are the originals . if you 're looking for the original version of " you never done it like that " , you would have to get the 20th century masters collection of theirs 
music neg 551.txt after chancing upon galactic 's rather remarkable live show at a local bar , i jumped through numerous hoops to track down this disc . was n't worth the effort , i 'm afraid . velveeta on wonder bread-dull collection of acid jazz duds . not bad as background noise for your next dinner party , but captures exactly none of the blood and soul that make galactic such a great live act . a pass for all but galactic completeists , if such an animal exists 
music neg 431.txt i was so disappointed with this cd . at least 6 of the songs were recorded from very old albums....scratches and all ! they were so bad . i play two of the songs over and over...the only two i liked . when i read the other reviews and there was mention of leaving out some of the songs , i assumed that they meant doubles of the same song....i was wrong . i do n't know why they had to add the scratchy music..a filler ? i would quickly skip to another song...only to have to " skip " many times ! 
music neg 651.txt the only reason i picked up this album was the name norah jones . i was expecting to hear her at the forefront , and i did n't really . to be honest , i was hoping to hear more of what she sounded like in come away with me and feels like home . if you 're looking for norah jones , this is n't really the album you 're looking for 
music neg 581.txt certainly not deserving of the grammy ( for cast recording ) . each of the other nominated productions is much better than this poor excuse of a revival . 
music neg 869.txt although a few of the tracks seem inspired , it 's mainly mulligan going through the motions with getz , with very little chemistry between them . & quot ; anything goes&quot ; and & quot ; scrapple from the apple&quot ; are nice enough but beyond that it 's weak . mulligan himself did n't speak very highly of the recording session , saying that he enjoyed his other dates with desmond , webster , and hodges , but mentioning that & quot ; granz wanted that session a lot more than i did . &quot ; of course , it would be quite out of the ordinary to hear anything but negative remarks about stan getz and his sparkling personality . save your money and go buy the 2-disk reissue of & quot ; meets ben webster&quot ; . or , if you do n't have it already , the seminal pacific recordings with chet baker 
music neg 669.txt i bought this soundtrack in 1984 when the movie adaptation of george orwell 's book came out , simply because it was attached to the movie . i 'll try not to use any non-family words here , but this soundtrack sucks . muldowney 's original score is available on cd , and simply imagining it used as intended adds a whole new dimension to the movie . as far as this soundtrack goes , though ; skip it 
music neg 656.txt do n't waste your money . this album is cheesy , sounds like a million other pop rock songs , and is nothing compared to their earlier work . with donnie van zant and max carl on vocals , all i have to say is : they need the old lead singer back ! the guitar work is ok , but the classic .38 special sound has definitely been lost 
music neg 547.txt john coltrane was villified most of his creative life for playing at the edge of a world he was helping to redefine . wynton and the lcjo are in effect the death of creative musicians like coltrane , or most of the truly creative jazz scene for that matter . wynton is establishing himself as " the face of jazz " . a market oriented phenomenon which freezes some of the elements making jazz without ever capturing the true essence of the music . by telling us ( and make no mistake , these guys do.. . ) : " this is what jazz is " and trying to re-appropriate themselves the music of jazz giants such as john coltrane who , if he were alive , would not be given the time of day by these folks , wynton and his posses are raping what is true and beautiful in this music . the recording , since i must talk about it , features a set of crafty yet discomboluted arrangements merely mimicking what coltrane was , mostly empty of content , setting in motions soloists who sound more like " jazz puppets " than anything remotely close to what coltrane was striving for ( notable exception : ted nash ! ) . you do not need this record . wynton and the lcjo does not need your money ; spend it on musicians who put their life and their art on the edge , the way coltrane did 
music neg 476.txt in general i 'm a big fan of movie music , but to tell the truth i expected more from this one . this soundtrack is incomaparable to say lord of the rings or star wars movie music . it lacks depth and emotion and power . unlike emotionally potent melodies present in lotr soundtrack the eragon is pretty dull and uninteresting . i get the impression that the entire album is in fact a variation of a single theme called eragon . i get the feeling that entire album has only one very long and boring track . i hope they 'll make better album for the next movie of the inheritence trilogy . 
music neg 872.txt i should have reviewed this along with fm . both were double record hit soundtracks . both represented youth . both are excellent time capsules of what radio was playing . one was a bad movie with a great soundtrack and the other was a classic movie with a terrible soundtrack . this is the terrible soundtrack . when the best songs are by billy squier and sammy hagar you know you 're in trouble . jackson browne , joe walsh , don henley are each awful . so were the go-go's . not surprisingly don felder and jimmy buffet both sucked . i almost fell asleep in route 128 traffic when graham nash played . the band that called themselves poco ca n't be the same poco i grew up with . there were some listenable tracks by timothy b . schmit , louise goffin and stevie nicks but then there 's quarterflash . however , amongst all this crap was a gem...the very last song is goodbye goodbye by oingo boingo . this song rocks and danny elfman sounds crazed . unavailable anywhere else which saves this from the trash 
music neg 507.txt i was , overall , disappointed by this cd . there are many good reviews here , but they generally overpraise . tracks 4 through 8 have too much synthesizer for my ears . a major highlight is track 9 , the crab and the egret , but interestingly , the flute is accompaniment to the wondrous chinese percussion . disappointingly , the cd is only 40 minutes long and left me wanting more tunes without synthesizer accompaniment 
music neg 277.txt with much anticipation we awaited the arrival of clay 's second album , thinking this one would make the career of one of our favorite singers.. . and instead we fear that it is likely to end his career . while clay 's voice still sounds great , the cd is an entire collection of uninspired , underproduced remakes ... not one of which goes beyond the original . as you can see , this cd is nowhere on the billboard charts , and we 're very sad to say in our household , that it 's for good reason . save your money and buy one of the much better idol cds ... and almost any of them are , most recently kelly pickler and carrie underwood . 
music neg 459.txt disappointing to see a man of garbarek 's gifts drift inexorably towards artistic middle-age and the lure of mor classical and soft world-beat markets . no one expects him to do a ' jazz ' album nowadays but after a six-year recording hiatus we might have expected some innovation and sharpness in the settings he chooses . sadly , the evidence on this release is of an artist who 's content to mine the same musical territory for about 15 years now to the point of exhaustion ; theres nothing here he has n't said better on his previous three or four outings . all is not lost though , and there are moments of stark beauty here and there but they are mostly lost in a soft sticky morass of garbarek cliches and the kind of uninspired composition better suited to a film soundtrack or tv documentary about some beautiful natural environment . forget the misleading hype elsewhere and get hold of just about any of his albums from about 1972 through to 1987 and i guarantee you 'll feel better for it 
music neg 734.txt i love the sludge and the roar but the vocals are monotone and the lyrics laughable . gimme earth or sunno ) ) ) anyday 
music neg 319.txt this album was one of my biggest " mistakes " ( bought it 3 years ago ) . it 's childish songwriting and really not good enough for an alternative-rock-band . better you buy instead : up the bracket ( the libertines ) or some strokes-stuff. . 
music neg 492.txt bits of beatles , zappa , queen , ( herman 's hermits ? ) , may be laudable in intent but reveals the crucial difference between an original musical mind and a talented imitator . elfman 's themes are good but his songs have some of the same faults as your normal musical pieces , they have fairly banal , repetitive lyrics and are cut and paste music . has the creepy competence of a dave grusin album . if you like that you 'll be ok here 
music neg 629.txt it seems that other than a song or two , fall out boy forgot their guitar's . very disappointing and slow paced 
music neg 182.txt i really , really hate foreigner and i rank them as bad as green day.dont make the mistake of buying this disgustingly awful cd which contains trash like waiting for a girl like you which has to be one of the most moronic and stupid songs ever.get any led zeppelin album instead 
music neg 294.txt i remember this album well ; you could hardly call it a ' barnstormer ' , as it was released well before " under the bridge " made them the bandwagon band of the year , but nothing could hide the fact that this was a band hellbent on proving the critics right- -they never had a good album . for every song worth listening to ( " suck my kiss " , " give it away " ) , there were at least four more songs that should have been discarded . this album was and remains a perfect example of why bands should n't feel obliged to slam 50 minutes of crap onto a slab of aluminum just because they can . on top of that , the vocals were pitched and pro-tooled beyond belief . some friends and i got a chance to see the band when they were supporting this album , and kiedis was so off-key , it was n't funny . they drowned their sound in reverb so to try and drown out his lousy vocals , but the damage was done . people were walking out in droves 
music neg 641.txt she does sound like a goat bleating . yodeling . it 's a shame , really . 
music neg 862.txt ok , at long last public enemy has finally let me down by allowing a bunch of sub-par average , non-innovative , non-avent guard , dj 's mix there stuff up . even dj spookie 's mix was not that grand . everything sounds like beats that i discovered in the early 90's . on the other hand , this album is only a couple bucks used , so i would highly highly highly suggest buying it if only for 54321 boom which is perhaps one of the best pe tracks ever to come out ! not only are the beats right on , but the lyrics are some of the hardest i 've heard yet ! and for the note , my review has nothing to do with me not being flexable to change of sound . infact i love the new pe ( whirl odor ) even though it has club friendly sounds , mainly for the fact that they are not your mere average club beats ( they are very multi-layered ) and of course the lyrics once again only get harder and harder and harder , and more direct and to the point as we aproach the last times of this world ( lyness ) 
music neg 700.txt this album is so boring in most places . i do n't know where keith sweat 's head was at . it does n't keep your attention on the second half . keep it comin ' was okay , but the other songs keith produced as well as joe public were lousy . he was smart to include there you go from new jack city , but the songs before and after it are so bland , it seemed like the formula that worked for keith sweat 's first two albums did n't work here . i fell to sleep while hearing the album 's second half- -how can anyone create such dull songs on here ? sweat 's trademark whining just does not blend with these songs . if he had wanted to , he would have given these songs to usher instead of singing them himself- -they 'd be better under him ( usher ) . but i warn you , do n't get this album- -it 's going to let you down 
music neg 999.txt will not run on my computer.. . love the content however i keep my music on my hard drive and was looking forward to working out with this album on my mp3. i will be demanding a refund ! do not buy if you have a mp3 supported car stereo , if you plan on playing at your computer. . it will not work due to ill conceived piracy protection ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
music neg 958.txt i am a huge fan of thomas newman but really this cd presents nothing new . it comes across as merely a re-hash of the airy , atmospheric , melody-free cues from his other recent scores . it has none of the originality of american beauty or road to perdition . frankly , as much as i like his scores , i do n't think this warranted a cd release , it 's just got too bland and ordinary , no matter how beautifully constructed and pristine it all sounds . a pity 
music neg 462.txt nothing even close to " say no more " i 'm sorry i spent the mone 
music neg 472.txt this completely lacks the charm and subtlety of the original . overblown , overproduced mackintosh garbage . if he could have found an excuse to land a helicopter on the stage , i 'm sure he would n't have hesitated . mr. banks has been turned into a one dimensional clown and his songs have all been changed for the worst . and the omission of " sister suffragettes " smacks of pc nonsense 
music neg 847.txt i have all her other cds i especially love unsung heroes there is a vibe to that cd that gets u right in but with this one its like shes just tryin far toooo hard to be good....sure the technique is spot on but there is no soul the emotion is missing...for me i like my jazz vocals with feeling . i like the singer to take u on a journey deep into to the song . u wont get that here all u will get is technique. . 
music neg 754.txt there are some artists who have been active since the 60 's and 70 's and who are still producing vibrant , excellent music . paul simon , say , or bob dylan . kate bush , though she started a little later . all of these artists have evolved past their original sound but are still great . joni mitchell should have stopped when she was ahead . maybe i do n't rate as a jm fan because i 've only heard blue , but i 've listened to that album hundreds of times times over the years . i wanted to find out what she was up to since then , and bought this album . all i have to say is , it was like nails on a chalkboard . i was expecting her to change and grow , but not into some pale ghost of the 60 's droning on about the evils of commercialism and modernism . the lyrics are old and tired , and the instrumentation is hackneyed and stale , too . the only good lyrics on this album were provided by yates . at least her paintings are good . 
music neg 728.txt this record kind of sucks , but that 's okay , because it does n't suck in the way where you think & quot ; oh hell we 'll never get a good album out of this guy again&quot ; ( like , for instance , rod stewart 's latest garbage ) , because , i think , it 's not really lou 's fault . the problem is lou 's trying to draw his material from somewhere else , in this case a mediocre poet . we 've always been willing to overlook his ( poe 's ) considerable lack of talent ( example : & quot ; in there stepped a stately raven of the saintly days of yore&quot ; ) because he 's so damn charismatic . morbidly charismatic , but charismatic nonetheless . the danger is that too many people consider his pure dumb fun to be art ( which i guess makes him a lot like the rolling stones ) . lou , who 's always shown himself to be a poet but a poet with a wink , has now chosen an artist who is basically bernie taupin with a better vocabulary to be his kindred spirit , and from someone who , velvet genius notwithstanding , produced revolutionary and stunning works like transformer , metal machine music , and berlin , this self-effacing friendship is the real tragedy 
music neg 529.txt this cd is boring and derivative to the point of being cynical . a better alternative would be to listen to either : a ) the original artists who influenced this band or b ) someone at least trying to do something new with music . to enjoy this cd you 'd have to really want to like this band , either because you liked dig or because you 're attracted to their super-cool reputation . if you 're afraid you 're missing out on something by not owning bjm 's back catalogue do n't worry , you 're not . 
music neg 234.txt do you know why this double cd is often in the bargain basement ? simply because it is an inferior product . for some very odd reason , the compiler at the record company decided to put 13 live songs instead of the studio versions that we all remember . for all we know , it may have been a copyright problem . i bought this for my dad about 5 years ago , but we were both unaware of the live recordings until we played it . the live recordings on this cd are dismal and not related to the awesome " hot august night " . fortunately for me , i own the right neil diamond cd 's which contain the studio versions . these are still available . the first is called " 12 greatest hits " ( a black and white photo a young neil ) , and the second is called " 12 greatest hits volume 2 " ( a colour photo of neil sitting on a sofa ) . both of these contain all the studio versions - and not one live recording in sight ! ! ! just released is a new compilation called neil diamond gold , as part of the gold series but i do not know if it too contains the dreadful live recordings . all i know is that it is missing a lot of key tracks 
music neg 633.txt as a 21 year old , i felt a little out of place buying this soundtrack . but , i was so excited that i had finally found a soundtrack to these two wonderful movies . imagine my disappointment when i could aurally pick out that rosemary clooney 's parts were not sung by rosemary clooney ! i do not recommend buying this album . enjoy the music when you watch the movies , instead . trust me , it 's better that way 
music neg 682.txt look , as music goes , variations on a theme is part of any genre . this album , however , yells out & quot ; leave well enough alone . &quot ; a remix of sgt.peppers lhcb might thrill a person born in 1986 , but when you hear the real thing , you ask why change it ? this album is a total waste of a truly great disc . like gipeto said to pinocchio , & quot ; stay wood ! & quot 
music neg 450.txt don ` t waste your time and money on this compilation . what a cheap shot to take the consumers money . read the very fine print , it does have a disclaimer but you really have to look for it . shame on the distributor ! 
music neg 87.txt there used to be a time when rap was not synonymous with the likes of hillary duff . no longer is that true , if you call this rap . puff was n't that good to begin with , and i never owned any of his cds but i knew of him...anyway , by the time i heard he changed his name to pdiddy , i about laughed until i pissed myself . ( ... 
music neg 665.txt as a huge counting crows fan , i thought it was kinda cool when i came across a tribute album to them...right up until the time that i listened to the cd . it is nearly impossible to get through . the best way i can try to explain it is to call it bad karaoke . i rated it one star because there 's no " 0 star " option . if you have any intentions of buying this cd , find a website where you can preview it first , and thank me later 
music neg 235.txt ..of little teenage white girls trying to sound like thirty-year-old black women . first it was britney spears , then it was christina aguilera , now it 's joss stone . the former at least have something going for them ; britney 's first album had catchy beats , and even though aguilera 's style is incredibly trashy , she does have enormous vocal power and range if she would only stop trying so hard . try as i might , though , i just do n't understand the appeal of joss stone . i did n't buy this album ; a friend of mine likes it and i 've had to listen to it enough times to want to rip my ears right out of my head . i do n't see what is fresh or original about ripping off janis joplin and the generally much more talented black soul singers . maybe it 's the rick astley effect : you do n't expect that voice coming out of that face . you do n't expect a squinty little teenaged blonde to growl and screech like a deranged cat . but that effect can only take you so far , as rick astley himself found out . this album is not only an unpleasant listening experience because of the stupid songs ( " dirty man " basically just repeats " you 're a dirty man.. . " with very minor variations , along with a great deal of unnecessary caterwauling ) and the nails-down-a-chalkboard voice of stone herself - it 's a depressing reminder of how low our culture has sunk , when it ca n't come up with any culture based on its own heritage but slavishly copycats things from another culture that seems more " cool " . stone , like aguilera and spears , tries to sing like an older black woman , a woman with soul - an aretha franklin or a gloria gaynor . but stone et al . sound like little girls clattering around in grown-up shoes . they have n't been alive long enough to live similar experiences of the women they are trying to imitate . their singing rings hollow to me , show-offy and fake . stone could rival aguilera in shameless and unnecessary vocal theatrics , though she has nowhere near aguilera 's sweetness or range . her voice might be described as " smoky " by some ; to me it sounds gravelly , sandpapery , and as pleasant as scraping your knees on asphalt . i do n't understand why anyone in the right mind would willingly put themselves through the ordeal of listening to this cd , much less enjoy it . i guess fake is good enough for some people . it makes me chuckle , though , to hear people rave about her voice as " authentic " . if you 're looking for soul , try macy gray . she 's for real . try the hugely talented but woefully ignored tasmin archer and karen rodriguez . those are fresh , authentic voices that will make you realize what a load of bollocks joss stone and her ilk truly are . the only white woman i have ever heard who could sing like she was black was linda ronstadt . go back and listen to a ronstadt classic like " hurts so bad " and compare it to this modern-day drivel . ronstadt sang with real feeling , real knowledge , real pain - worlds apart from this fake plastic imitation of soul that seems to be the rule and not the exception these days . i gave this one star because there is no zero-stars option . joss stone is just a musical chav , an unconvincing shoplifter of another , better culture 
music neg 516.txt every one is obbsessed with " hips do n't lie " . do n't they relize that the songs horrible . well , so is every other track on this album . save your money to waste on something that is atleast some what decent 
music neg 88.txt this soundtrack was ` heart-brokenly ' disappointing to me mainly because it lacks a few songs that were in the film . i bought this soundtrack for one specific song ( and it would 've been worth every penny if only it was included ) : the song near the end when alexander marches through the desert to return home to babylon after his recovery . such a disappointment that was n't included . in the other hand , i 'm satisfied with some of the tracks that were included . i particularly liked " roxane 's veil " even though i do n't recall hearing it in the film . 
music neg 771.txt i am a huge atl fan . black mafia 4 life , know what i mean . i waited a long time for this release , and it was painful to listen to . it just seemed to lack direction . it might be said that this album ( an independent record label ) was so bad , that it ended their careers . too bad , i loved atl . 
music neg 290.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya 
music neg 824.txt what a shame . c.a. was such a talented and beautiful young woman but apparently got some horrible career advice . maybe she wanted to be this way , but most likely , it was a manager , or record company trying to create a even more slutty successor to britney spears . more is not always better , and in this case , it is definitely worse . hopefully , she banked her $$ , cuz i ca n't imagine that she 'll ever recover from this debacle . that would be as likely as a porn star trying to make it in hollywood . very sad 
music neg 166.txt judas preist 's 1974 debut album . this is simpley weird , i could see why the band hates this album so much...simpley becuase it is so uneven and utterly sloppy and the production sounds like they recorded it in bfi dumpster . when i first got this , i was like " what the hell ? " , granted , debut albums are far from perfect , but this was just downright miserable . this sounds like a combination of pink floyd , rush , black sabbath and cream on an acid trip . the song rocka rolla was ok and so was one for the road , but the rest of the material was abismal . sad wings of destiny was such an improvment from this mess ! the coolest thing about this album is the weird scrapping guitar effects tipton makes on one of the songs ! i 'm surprised that this was even issued on a cd , the band does n't even acknowlege the existance of this album and i can see why ! fortuanatly they prooved to be so much more then what this platter of stange noises provided us with . i know that there are some that like this , but not me ! it is very blues based in some songs , and the most annoying thing is that some of these numbers will put you to sleep . any one expecting a rocking metal album from the preist will be let down by this 
music neg 336.txt can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music ? ive listened to many bob dylan albums , and every one is a gem . freewheelin ' is my favorite , but so what ? it does n't matter which ones we love , because we all know what bob dylan 's worst record was , and its saved . im not one to question this man 's beliefs or anything like that , bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe , but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is ? could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith ? almost certainly not . but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain 
music neg 52.txt man , have i given this guy a chance . multiple chances . listened to the cds , saw the big hbo special . i mean , his career is red hot now . he clearly has lots of fans . mostly college age ( perhaps this should be a warning to some of you ) . all i can say is " maybe they 'll grow out of it . " he is not funny . his act has no bite , no point of view , no opinion / viewpoint at all . his comedy consists of spewing observations his audience can relate to ( the " this is all happened to us " or " has this ever happened to you ? " school of humor ) . he runs about manically , acting out every little word that comes out of his mouth ( for those in the audience that may not be so good with words ) . his fans acknowledge that , yes , they can relate . " yeah ! that 's happened to me ! " " i know that reference ! ' they laugh , cheer , clap , and plunk down their hard-earned dollars for his vanilla wit . he never actually comments on the things he discusses in any intelligent , interesting way . he has no edge . he 's not outraged by anything . he 's cute ' n ' cuddly . richard pryor must be rolling in his grave at the very fact that cook is classified as a stand up comic . " pryor ? the guy writing this must be old ! ' okay , try this on for size : chris rock is good comedy . same with dave chappelle . carlin . laura kightlinger . kinison . rodney dangerfield . bob saget . gilbert gottfried . dom irrera . lewis black . robert klein . the late mitch hedberg . jim norton . patton oswalt . brian posehn . degeneres . jon stewart . bob & david . the ucb . i 'm not even a big fan of sarah silverman , but at least she 's trying to bring something different to the party . anything but this ! god help us . let 's hope he goes the way of carrot top and dice soon ( do n't forget , cook fans , mr. top and mr. clay were once as popular as your boy here ) 
music neg 48.txt after reading her excellent halloween book , i figured her halloween cd would be worth owning . i always search for " different " halloween cds , but this was filled with the same old stuff . chains , moans , and spooky laughs.. . then more chains , moans and spooky laughs . very dissapointing 
music neg 404.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya 
music neg 788.txt brooks & dunn , kenny chesney , lonestar , martina mcbride , montgomery gentry , aaron tippin , lee greenwood , neal mccoy , kenny rogers , randy travis , phil vassar , the warren brothers , dusty drake , hank williams jr. , alabama , the charlie daniels band , david ball , and blackhawk . what do these artists have in common ? cutting edge musical geniuses ? gifted songwriters able to speak to a wide range of audiences ? innovators in their genre ? err , no . actually what they all have in common is that they all appear on this package , created to commercially exploit the war on terrorism , one which contains songs like where the stars and stripes and the eagle fly , this ai n't no rag , it 's a flag , and back where i come from . in other words , maudlin , xenophobic , cliche filled , black / white dichotomous sentiments , and the lack of any attempt at rational or questioning political analysis , all set to fiddles and pedal steel guitars , and to be marketed and sold at wal-mart . i should add that i am not against patriotism , when it is intelligent and well informed ; this , however , is dumb , reactionary faux-patriotism . nothing is more so than the song god bless the usa . as an american who loves his country , i can say that this song , with its syrupy sound and its naive lyrics , does not speak for me . i listened to a bit of this schlock on a plane ride a while back just to see how much of it i could take . the answer was - not very much . what little i could take made me want to drink , and heavily . some of these performers , specifically brooks and dunn , randy travis , charlie daniels , and perhaps kenny chesney and even ( i hate to admit ) toby keith are actually fairly talented ; others , like former lounge singer lee greenwood , alabama , montgomery gentry , etc , are 3rd rate musical hacks . ultimately , listening to this nonsense , i 'm reminded that some of the greats of the genre , like johnny cash , hank williams , george jones , and willie nelson were neither knee-jerk reactionaries nor apologists for a ruling political party . then again , dusty drake , montgomery gentry , and blackhawk are no johnny cashes . just nashville hacks , soon to be forgotten . 
music neg 802.txt i was very disappointed with this volume . the past 2 volumes had great retro / loungy mixes and this new one is too repetitive and clubby . i was excited to see the postal service doing a mix , however it sounded just like any of their other songs . this cd sucks . 
music neg 664.txt somehow not up to her earlier work . the instrumental accompaniment is good , but tends to dominate at the expense of cesaria 's voice and the songs do n't strike me as particularly memorable . one reviewer said this was perhaps the best thing she 's done . if so , i just do n't see it . i was disiappointed and found myself wondering if maybe her best days are behind her . i hope not 
music neg 357.txt this is the only album i own of joe strummer minus the clash . i ca n't say it 's very good . i hate having to compare it with it with his work with the clash but it 's inevitable . his lyrics are n't as great , edgy or provocative . there is n't any fantastic music either . i am not really sure what to say since i have n't listened to the album in so long because it was so bad , i truly tried my hardest to like it . but i feel it is my duty to advise others to not make the same mistake . believe me : i absolutely love everything about the clash , the lyrics , joe 's voice , the music , the attitude and how cool they were , this is not joe at his best , it 's cool though cause now he 's gone : go buy some bob marley albums instead , joe would not have minded 
music neg 983.txt i 'm not exactly sure how to classify this , nor do i think it really deserves the time . how this album has garnered so many positive reviews is beyond me . my only guess is that some tired , pretentious teen on myspace raved over it and voila , the clique was born . now , i really wanted to like this and gave it numerous listens . but each time , it sounds more and more like these guys were just doing some busy work around the house , started humming some melodies and then recorded them . immature and pretty much unoriginal . and just because an album is labeled " concept " does n't automatically qualify it as a masterpiece . if you want a flawless concept album that actually has an interesting story just go and buy " the wall " . unless your circle of friends has threatened to emascualte you for not owning this , do n't bother with this bloat . 
music neg 711.txt i ordered the dvd of damn yankees to watch on tv for my daughter because she is doing a play and needed it for the day i ordered it . i paid for fast delivery because she had a deadline and we were thrilled to receive it on time but was very disappointed to see that it was the cd of only music ! i do n't think i will order from amazon again , it was my first time and probably my last . liz snyde 
music neg 606.txt i thought it would have nice , soft songs . but , it is riddled with annoying sound effects and strange instrumentation 
music neg 24.txt sounds like the background music used in the 70 's rockford files tv crime show...and a little like the chips music too . similar to music by tom scott from back then . the crusaders never really get hard funky or dirty funky , they are more smooth groovin funk . the sound for the times is very clean , too produced for true funkyness . do n't get me wrong i like the old 60 's jazz crusaders , just not this 70 's phase of their career...they sold out to a large extent , and continue to do so , it 's where the money is . no improvisatory feel either . this is for smooth jazz lovers . hard funk lovers will be disappointed , as will true jazzers . i wish the crusaders kept their jazz chops from the 60 's but they keep burying it like it never happened , even to this day , afraid to lose sales if they get too musically adverturous like their mid / late 60 's true jazz albums . their 70 's albums like this are partly to blame for today 's smooth jazz.. . in other words , not really jazz , not really funky , just kind of smooth groovin , more for casual adults and offices . not challenging , not offensive , formulated to an extent . but hey if you like this , that 's cool , just dont think it 's real jazz , or real funk . it 's smooth and casual , slightly simmers , pleasant background music , but does n't cook like so many other groups from the same time period that mixed jazz , funk , and fusion . it just sounds like they are holding back...i know they can play more advanced , and write more creatively , they just choose not to ever since the 60 's 
music neg 531.txt don caballero have always had members leave , but this is ridiculous . che is not don cab even if he is an amazing drummer and started the band . ian williams for one is a huge reason for the don caballero sound that i always gravitated towards and without him the band is incomplete . why che decided on naming this new group under the don caballero name rather than speaking canaries or something else baffles me . more importantly , the music is boring on this album . it 's like the new members only influences were yes and elp sans vocals . in other words , no spontaneity , hardly and time changes or dynamics and weak predictible guitar / bass lines . avoid this album like the plague and pick up any of the battles eps or better yet get the real don cab works like singles breaking up or what burns . there is a ton of other great instrumental bands old and new in this type of vein that blow this " new " don caballero to pieces 
music neg 2.txt someone get this band a producer and put them in a decent studio , please . the recording and mixing on this disc is flat-out atrocious . download a few tracks and hear for yourself . ' feburary ' and ' 99 with an anchor ' show promise . otherwise it 's taking back sunday meets hawthorn heights meets fallout boy meets .... you get the picture 
music neg 301.txt is n't wearing your ancestry on your sleeve so blatantly and in such a predictable fashion just a 21st century version of al jolson ? the problem with so many new-traditionalist artists is that they lessen rather than deepen the understanding of the complexity and diversity of the celebrated cultural groups experience . hippies and white liberals love it , but where does that leave those that are living it ? far better capturing the latina experience are julietta venegas , south of the border , and east la 's lysa flores , north of the border 
music neg 851.txt like the backstreet boys ( essentially the same band ) , and brittany spears ( their female solo artist - and i use the term loosely - equivalent ) , nsync represented all that went wrong with the music world in the ' 90's . sure , there have been completely commercial bands out there for ages , but at least groups like the eagles wrote their own material and played their own instruments . not nsync , who instead rely on unimaginably boring backing tracks and a stable of professional songwriters who could n't write a decent tune to save their lives - i bet even their voices were digitally altered . and then there were the inescapable hits - bye bye bye , pop , it 's gonna be me , tearin ' up my heart , et al . , that were n't even good the first time around , to say nothing of the nine trillionth . no risks taken . no attempts to step out of their winning formula that somehow made this group of no-talents famous . basically , this band was thrown together by a bunch of record company chumps who saw five or six guys who wanted to be famous ( and probably had never previously met ) , sent them through the assembly line , removed any sense of individuallity or creativity they might 've had , and dumped them upon the masses , who they must 've brainwashed or something . i did n't even like this group when i was 10 , to say nothing of now . makes you wish zappa was still alive - he 'd have a field day with a group like this , and undoubtedly dish out some of the funniest insults ever in the process . 
music neg 816.txt here 's my theory in regards to how one should rate a remix album : if a song is remixed , then that remix should be better than the original song . otherwise , what 's the point ? with that being said , nu-mixx klazzics is pretty much pointless . this is nothing more than a cash in album . the people at death row / koch know that folks will continue to buy pac 's music as long as you can manage to put a new spin on it ( especially the die hards...they 'll buy anything associated with the man ) . well , the spin they put on this particular album is just plain terrible . if you have the source material , stick with that . these " remixes " do n't make the originals better , they actually make them worse . the beats sound like throw away beats from an old jt tha bigga figga album and some of the lyrics have been altered / changed so that they sound updated ( removing snoop from " 2 of amerikka 's most.. . " and distorting pac 's vocals when he says his name is just terrible ) , but these changes are only for the worst . in short , all aspects of this album are sorry . the guests are wack and the beats are generic , hollow , " clubby " beats . remember y'all , when these albums were dropped back in ' 96 the beats had more meat to them . there is one decent track though . " life goes on " gets a different look and i 'm not so sure that it 's all that bad . i find it tolerable , but i could see why why someone would n't like it . but this is coming from someone that was n't all that crazy about the original because i was n't feeling the beat . if you enjoyed the original , then stick with that . also , i like that the original version of " hit ' em up " was used here . in this version , ' pac can be heard giving props to east coast emcees that he was cool with ( thus proving that he was n't anti - east coast , just anti - bad boy ) . whoever gave the green light to have this released should be fired . it 's a shame that folks are pimping tupac 's music like this . but they 'll continue to do it as long as folks continue to buy it . i 'm drawing the line here . shame on you , suge . your label is n't relevant anymore , get over it and move on . standout tracks : do n't even waste your time looking for an 
music neg 232.txt when it comes to big star 's 70 's output , you can call me a hopeless fanboy , because after listening to in space , it seems that only a hopeless fanboy would think that thirty-some-years later , exactly one-half of the classic big star lineup could- --or in forever difficult alex chilton 's case , would be so inclined- --to attempt to recapture the lightning-in-a-bottle transcedent pop magic that made those 70s discs so great . this disc has way more in common with chilton 's oft-times difficult , mostly self-indulgent solo work than with any of big star 's previous fascinating pop near-perfection . while i 'll admit that i have enjoyed a good chunk of chilton 's solo work , ( in a slightly guilty , rolling-my-eyes , " oh...that alex ! " sorta way.. . ) my musical sensibilities are somehow offended by the fact that this group and that this particular collection of songs are presented as " big star . " in space is connected musically to the original big star by little more than the fact that two of the same guys in this band were in that band . if you do n't expect much , you wo n't be disappointed . 
music neg 857.txt it is ludicrous to even mention the fact that the duprees have lasted so long and can still be seen in atlantic city considering the fact that there is not one original member of the duprees in the group that is seen in atlantic city . this is a major problem with many groups purporting to be from the 50 's and 60's . the duprees appearing today is a perfect example of caveat emptor ... buyer beware for those readers who do n't read latin ! for those of us who were duprees fans , this is a not to be missed cd of the original duprees with the incomparable sound of joey vann and harmony that is hard to match . they did joni james proud in their remake of a number of her hits . it is nostalgia personified hearing the original duprees 
music neg 351.txt i was babysitting , and the kid was listening to the cd , and asked why billie joe sounded so sick . x 
music neg 401.txt boo-wop ? haha ok , anyways i bought his through middle-piller distro . and it 's got a couple of o.k. songs on it . the problem is the singing and the overall production . this is definetely a home-recording on computer deal . the vocals are waaaaay weak . what exactly is a " re-worked " debut album ? ? ? i thought once an album was out it was done , set in stone ? apparently not , so mister monster gets to pull a blitzkid ( who changed their first album cover years after it came out ! ) and take the cheezy way out . a definete step up from bands like blitzkid , but still in the cellar of rock n roll . do yourself a favor and buy some good old deathrock from the golden years 
music neg 11.txt get 's one star in appreciation of the technicians who had to record the cd . what a mess ! never should have been made . even julie is way past the point of playing this onstage . she half talks her way through her songs , her voice clearly not what it was when she made the film . sorry julie , should have left it alone . the rest of the cast is not on a par with the film . tony roberts in place of robert preston...not on his best day . leslie ann warren was riotuosly original in the film , rachel york trying to copy her , is not . and michael nouri ? dismal . the songs added to the score for the stage.......forget it . not even worth mentioning any more . goes into the what were they thinking ? file . as for julie refusing her tony nomination because the rest of the show was overlooked ? c'mon julie , there was a reason for that , the show sucked ! 
music neg 527.txt this soundtrack does not have all the songs in it from the movie . i was looking for two from the movie , and the soundtrack did not have them . like , a song by michelle branch that is in the movie is not in there . bo 
music neg 964.txt i remember when this recording came out and wynton marsalis was being hailed as the second coming of jazz . i picked it up right away . i was mystified by the souless mimicry of art blakey 's jazz messengers and miles ' 2nd great quintet- -this punk was supposed to be the savior of jazz ? listen as wynton negotiates technically difficult arrangements , stopping on a dime ! marvel at his ability to explore the full range of dynamics within two bars ! ! gape in wonder at the fussy arrangement of think of one that strips the tune of any semblence of swing ! ! ! i get it , wynton- -you 've mastered the trumpet , technically speaking , which is no mean feat . and you can read music . bully for you . the only trouble is that you have nothing meaningful to say . ordinarily , i 'd feel sorry for you , having wasted all those hours of practice , except that you trashtalk musicians whose dirty drawers you are n't worthy of washing . people like john coltrane , joe zawinul , miles davis , wayne shorter , herbie hancock...i could go on and on , but i think you get the point . this music is jazz by and for people who think that the best way to honor the past is to preserve it like a roach in amber , thus killing it . 
music neg 863.txt when merging female vocal yodels and copying elements from switchblade syphony , one can only be disappointed in diva destruction 's music . the positive aspect is the better production on this cd compared to their debut 
music neg 498.txt ( ... ) this cd is sub-par . most of the beats are cool , but they 're overlayed with too many cheesy lyrics 
music neg 50.txt i do n't want to hear any more of their music on the radio . it is all just nonsense , and none of it should have ever been made . they are one of the worst hip hop acts in recent memory 
music neg 76.txt now , if we 're being completely honest and true to the stats this album is killing the charts , but maybe just because people are lowering their standards . besides , the fact that i dont like this girl because she is just too rough around the edges , this cd is no " dangerously in love " . where beyonce 's sultry vocals and powerhouse notes highlight her entire album , cole 's raspy voice and sometime-y pitch concern me . aside from the obvious car banger " i just want it to be over " and the wildly popular " love " ( which cole butchers when singing live by the way ) , nothing here surprises me . like i said , you can call me a hater , but with women like beyonce and fantasia around cole 's fire will probably be put out soon 
music neg 897.txt the firm ( a conglomerate consisting of nas , az , foxy brown and the relative unknown nature ( who took the place of original member cormega after a heated dispute ) ) ...came up with the " brilliant idea " to collaborate on a full album...after the release of " affirmative action " from nas ' it was written album . after enlisting the assistance of dr. dre 's aftermath records and production by the infamous trackmasters , the firm 's album is subpar to say the least...it sounds like each individual artists is trying too hard to outshine the other and many of the beats consisting on this album are just a lil too sample heavy... . " hardcore " for example . however , i will admit , there are some shining moments by all four members....and some half decent production....i.e . " phone tap " ... " f**k somebody else " ( lyrics are forgettable since foxy is doing what she does best on the mic...talking about sex and its many forms....i think you might be able to masterbate to this one...lol ) . i will give this a decent try but i ca n't go no further than that . i will agree with one reviewer saying that listening to the group as solo artists is a more satisfying 
music neg 986.txt i received this 2cd set in the mail and was horrified at the sound quality of the so called " mastering " . i have original un-mastered copies of some reo speedwagon albums that sound better than this set ! i love reo to death and the track listing is good to go , but in all honesty , this compilation falls flat on its face in regards to sound quality . the band seriously needs to find a good remasterer and give the fans what they have been waiting for . i cannot recommend any previous greatest hits releases that even come close . save your money and wait 
music neg 558.txt i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this albu 
music neg 172.txt with the caliber of musicians playing on this album , i expected a hard hitting original . instead we get re-arranged covers and lots of " filler " salsa . no surprises here . the classic salsa albums are worth your cash but if you are curious , you 'll play this one once 
music neg 555.txt when the airplane kept it tight as in ' white rabbit ' ' somebody to love ' they were a force to be reckoned with , but when they got ideas above their station as in this live album there musical weakness really showed . now i happen to think that jack cassidy just about saves the band with that bass , but even he ca n't stop the monotony of ' bear melt ' and ' rock me baby ' surely the worst version i 've ever heard and this is all down to jorma kaukonen 's nasal vocal and mediocre guitar soloing . the guy maybe a great acoustic picker but his lead work leaves a lot to be desired and this is from someone who had to endure his interminably uninspired lead work at a hot tuna gig . anyone who saw the clip in woodstock will know what i mean..no wonder hendrix 's set was so eagerly awaited ! occasionally the band get it together and balin and slick 's vocals mesh together brilliant , but on the whole the set is an endurance test and the studio versions are far more immediate . face it when it comes down to it very few west coast bands could stretch out and reach the heights of say cream or ten years after . as i said casady is per usual on form but the drumming is fairly pedestrian throughout lacking the kick that could push the jams into another gear . it 's better than ' thirty seconds ' but then again anything is . if you think that ' happy trails ' and ' live dead ' are musical highpoints than this will complete the set , but i just think its sleep inducing 
music neg 261.txt another torrent of mild tripe from everyone 's " favourite " dj , tiesto . what on earth is he going to do when the supply of inane , pastel-coloured eurovomit dance music runs out ? when i think about the number of times i 've heard him touted as " world 's number one best voted dj " or " dj mag top 100 finalist " , you 'd start to think that the man can actually mix records , when in fact rather than mix them , he tends to grind them together roughly into a nightmarish aural paste then reconfigure them violently in new , unusual and horrendously nauseating forms . i can absolutely confirm this . i have had the startling and displeasing experience of witnessing it live . the sad truth of the matter is , that there are any number of drug-addicted fluoro-pants-wearing 16 year old ravers out there , and all are quite willing to buy boring rubbish like this . or at least all are prepared to ask their mum and dad to buy it for them for xmas . i sign off in disgust 
music neg 331.txt the songs just did not get me dancing . i have to say i was disappointed . but i love kids favorite songs vol 2 but was never able to buy it as it was not availabl 
music neg 470.txt before you all dismiss me as an obsessive , close-minded thrash fanatic ; i thoroughly enjoyed " chaos ad , " which was a sep ' album with the perfect balance of experimentation and death metal . i like the idea of experimenting with tribal sounds , but with those sounds , max decided to throw in downtuned guitars , not doing guitar solos , excessive profanity , lame " i hate this i hate that " lyrics , and guest musicians . the only decent songs on here are " roots bloody roots " and " dictators*** ; " everything else is awful . this is n't sepultura , this is soulfly . i 'm glad max left because if he stayed in the band , sep ' would have degenerated into a nu-metal band . for good sepultura albums , get these instead ( starting with the best ) : schizophrenia morbid visions / bestial devastation beneath the remains arise chaos ad dante xxi nation roorback ps , you max fanatics need to cut derik green some slack , he 's keeping sep ' alive while max is making an arse of himself with soulfly 
music neg 804.txt anna netrebko 's i puritani selections are way below the art and skill of callas , sills , sutherland , caballe , and gencer . she has no passion , no trills , no high notes that are deep and rich . her best is in the russian repertoire and possibley some undemanding mozart . her broadcast from the met live of the i puritani was alright , but scooping , avoidance of repetitions , running through passages like a locomotive , and an ending that would have brought the wrath of most opera houses in the world..scooping again , and a tight awful sounding high note . the same tentativenes is also here on this cd.she should know this . her beauty and acting and allure are what interest the masses , not the voice , which is forgiven everything . too bad ; she could be a lovely tatyana some day.also too , the traviata is not that great ; anna moffo , renee fleming , m. caballe , and of course maria callas..listen to these and hear the difference 
music neg 44.txt i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so " out there " that when you first hear one of their cd's ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n't like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we 've got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n't have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 's kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country 's kind of cool , too . and dracula 's got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it 's really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n't really that good . i do n't know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n't have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band . 
music neg 780.txt did not care for the selections on this cd 
music neg 268.txt i was a huge fan of the jam , but ive grown to despise paul weller and this cd strengthens my view . this is a covers cd and has n't got a patch on albums like all mod cons or sound affects.with paul weller everything is about a quick buck and ripping off a loyal fan base , with over a dozen jam compilations , rarities , box sets and dvd 's in the last few years.[since he bought the exclussive rights to all the jam recordings from the rest of the band].this album is bland so give it a miss and spend your money on the new stiff little fingers cd which features bruce foxto 
music neg 908.txt ignore the big word " karaoke " on the cover and the microphone shown , this is just a music cd , it does not display anything in a karaoke player 
music neg 175.txt hmm sounds good , jazzy and chic . this should only be played in lounges . the only tracked i liked was amour . the rest i wanted to close my ears . too much noise 
music neg 276.txt i ca n't believe the other people giving this high marks . i love the wheel , but darn if this is n't just terrible . there is n't even a single on it ; i ca n't believe the studio released it . thank god i got a promotional copy and did n't have to go buy it in the store . the catherine wheel needs to get back together- -quick 
music neg 272.txt okay , i used to think that nelly was a fun guy to listen to . he made songs that i used to enjoy , such as st. louis , e.i. , country grammar , and ride wit me off of the cd " country grammar " . then there were a good amount of other good songs on " nellyville " . and the good thing about these cds was that there were not too many skip tracks . but with nellyville , nelly brought us the obnoxious hot in herre , a single that got plenty of radio playtime , but i could not stand . this was not a good sign for the future . then comes these two new cds , sweat and suit . i have not listened to most of suit , but i have listened to most of this , and it is pure garbage . this is the same nelly who made hot in herre for sure . it has a bunch of catchy songs that live off the beats and the hook to drive them to get radio playtime . most of the tracks are much worse than hot in herre , if that is believable . i just want a decent cd from nelly , i am not expecting a classic . instead he drops the definition of materialistic garbage , and i shake my head in disgust . avoid this one and get one of his older cds , or a cd from a better artist 
music neg 909.txt this album is not what i call a album first 4 trackz are the tightest with the tightest beats . best track on here is & quot ; i practice looking hard&quot ; probably one of the best trackz he eva made in his whole career i love that song but otha than that & quot ; captain save a hoe&quot ; and & quot ; mail man&quot ; are a discrace . he shouldnt have even made this cd until he got more track 
music neg 359.txt this collection is a must have if you like the bee gees and do n't have any of their albums...or even if you do . it 's one hit after another plus some i 've never heard , which is nice for variety . i could n't ask for a better collection - it 's like i had burned this for myself . 
music neg 663.txt the quality of this cd recording sounds like someone tapped it in their garage and burned it to cd with thier personal pc . very bad recording . it 's too bad because lathleen madigan is very witty and funny . 
music neg 466.txt i agree fully with & quot ; a music fan&quot ; above ... this and david 's self titled album are really poor in comparison to the rest of his solo work . i love most of talking heads music but do n't rate remain in light highly like most fans do 
music neg 891.txt i may not be an expert on steel drums , but i do listen to jimmy buffett a lot ! he has a great steel drum drummer . after listening to this cd , i gave it away in a white elephant gift exchange this past xmas 
music neg 718.txt i 'm a big fan of great big sea and i purchase everything they release . apparently they were trying to give this cd the " feel " of a live , medium-size venue performance . unlike their other live dc offerings , this one sounds like it was recorded with a micro-cassette tape in some fan 's front pocket . it does n't give justice to their usual great vocals and unique sound . overall , i was pretty disappointed and i 'd recommend their earlier offerings over this one . 
music neg 123.txt metallica were simply one of the worst most overrated and pathetic bands ever . most of their trite albums deserve no stars . their only good cds are either master of puppets , or black album . kill em all is such a bore ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! james hetfield , the lead singer just screams and ca n't sing at all ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! why ? ? ? ? why ca n't he sing more proper like lou greamm ( foreigner ) , & mark knopfler ( dire straits ) ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? each and every song on this album is bad ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! do n't listen to the people who rate metallica 's albums a five star . they are overrated....green day is better . get them , dire straits , and foreigner insted . ps. this album is worth a minus trillion . 
music neg 12.txt cheap trick 's second album is very disappointing to me after the good , but raw , " live in the studio " , 1977-76 recorded cheap trick . almost all of the material here is so watered down that it really comes off way better on the later many live disks they did . after a good start w / " hello there " , a concert favorite for many years , is the only thing here to write home about when one considers how great all the tunes from this overproduced album sounded on the budokan and other live recordings later . tom werman and rick niesen were on a show in 1991 that i had recorded on a tape once and werman , noce a friend of tom petersson 's said , quote : " my three albums with cheap trick got better and better.. . " , to which the ever sarcastic rick nielsen said , " selling , maybe . " not realizing that brother rick was slamming him , werman then continued , " exactly " ... oh boy . we now see why producing cheap trick albums through the years has become like playing russian roulette . it 's not hard to get better than this and five months later the solid , but somewhat oeverrated ' heaven tonight ' came out.. . ( and the guys even bought werman back for dream police . things turned out better when pete comita , then later jon brant joined the band . yep - the best was yet to come - in the ' 80 ' 
music neg 687.txt i sorta of agree with the person below , this album sucks....plain and simple , however i think he is still doing a great job in rhapsody . i gave it one star not so much because it is garbage , but becuase i was looking forward to this album since " prophets of the last eclipse " which was great , but trully...i do n't know went wrong . i do n't have a problem with female vocalists , but in this album...it is retched . i do n't think i will ever listen to this album ever again . sorry ! but its true...do not buy this album , pretend you never knew he had a new album...oh ! and do not buy luca turilli 's dreamquest either ! another bomb 
music neg 893.txt it seems that even the best bands have only a finite number of great melodies in them , and the flower kings exhausted theirs in their first four cds . here we have yet another double-helping of their ageless wisdom , strewn across two cds to our fiduciary detriment . though not as crass and offensive as stolt 's " wall street voodoo " or bodin 's " i am " , this is nevertheless lyrically naive to the level of silliness . there are a few good instrumental passages mixed in this release , but not enough to justify its purchase . stolt said in a recent interview something to the effect that " ...peace & love never go out of fashion.. . " well , neither does informed maturity , and you wo n't find any of that in this group 's recent output . just more utopian preaching and good vs. evil typecasting . their liner notes advocate sending money to greenpeace and amnesty international , but i would counter that any american would be better investing their extra cash at st. jude 's children 's hospital . i 'm going to sell my copy of " paradox hotel " , and probably several more flower kings cds , to do just that . there are some sick children out there who need our support and encouragement far more than these would-be hippies 
music neg 434.txt she is not a singer , she is not able to write , play and read the scores / music . she is an entertainer ! the problem is : you ca n't stop the stupid kids for buying the celebrate pop crappy albums today . who still recognize this maid in the next 10 years ? it is the same case like britney spears and spice girls ! ps : pls throw away the cd from your window or burn it to the hot ash volcanos ! ! ! thank god for america 's future pop artists like this one ! 
music neg 438.txt the title says it all . they could have put a better group of songs togather 
music neg 936.txt while the sound of the stream is relaxing and well recorded , there are way too many birds around . the cd describes their sound as distant and faint , but that 's far from accurate . the parts of the cd where all you hear is the stream alone do n't add up to more than 10 minutes , and never last more than a minute . for the most part you will hear the stream and plenty of birds , rather close and sometimes very loud . buyer beware : the 30 second samples you get here are precisely from the parts with no birds at all ! very misleading 
music neg 25.txt wow , did someone slip the wrong cd into my jewelbox or what ? if you 're a fan of allison 's other work , epect nothing like what you 've heard before . this is mostly a pop album , and the songs that could have been saved are ruined by the awful engineering . the sound is way over compressed and artificial sounding . even allisons voice has no drive to it . steve earl is no match on the guitar for joe mcmahan who played on the show cd / dvd . 
music neg 702.txt ...but this album should never have been released as the " final " queen-album . a couple of these songs should instead have been added as bonus tracks to one of those many best of queen-releases . " a winters ' tale " for example . do i know much about the background for " made in heaven " , well perhaps not . but i know that this is known to be the last studio release . sadly it has the sound of elevator-music all over , not that the melodies are bad , it just sounds.. . almost cheap actually -and most importantly to my ears ( at least ) this does n't sound like my queen . one of the most important bands in the history of music saying good-bye with " made in heaven " ? was this really freddie mercurys ' wish ? it does n't make much sence after the fantastic " innuendo " released in short time before his tragic death containing the haunting ballad " these are the days of our lives " . the words and the music.. . wow ! and the music video to this song , have you seen it ? to me that was the real good-bye with freddie , and with queen . and it has the sound of how i will remember them . but is " made in heaven " really that bad ? yes , and no . " heaven for everyone " by roger taylor made it sound promising , and do n't forget ; i was exited when i heard about " a final material " -release . but it turned out , as you might have guessed , far from what i had expected . old songs from b-sides and solo-albums are mainly fillers for this album.. . i mean honestly ? " too much love.. . " then quite a resent hit from brian mays ' solo-album " back to the light " , i remember thinking " what 's the point ? " and it actually sounds better from his solo-album without the synth dominating the song here . do n't get me wrong now , freddies ' vocal is as good as you 'd expect , it 's what they 've made out it that surprises me . and what makes me wish they hadn't . at least not for an entire album . " a winters ' tale " is a positive surprise though . perhaps not freddies ' best song , and not better than " these are the days.. . " . but it 's a celebration of the beauty in life . at least it sounds like that to me . freddie captures a moment of harmony and peace . and beauty . and it sounds like a classic queen-song ! " a beautiful day ( intro and reprise ) " functions well too . but what tracks 12 and 13 are about i have absolutely no idea. . ? i wish they would have ended the album with freddies ' last " yeah ! " on the song . i wish.. . so all in all ; " innuendo " remains the explosive good-bye with the " real " queen . at least it does to me . ( let me add that the cover of " made in heaven " is perfect for the title , and somehow amazingly " seals " in its ' simplicity the fate of the band with freddie in the lead . the three band members left ( brian , roger , john ) facing the sunset , and a statue capturing freddie in a remembarable style on stage . reminding me of him at wembley 86. to me this actually expresses something beyond words , and it 's impossible not to get a bit of an empty feeling watching it while listening to " heaven for everyone " or " a winters ' tale " . ) 
music neg 942.txt awful . i mean , really awful...and i liked " self portrait " because you knew dylan was just trying to have some fun with his image . this album is just a disaster . the lyrics are ok on most songs ( i 've seen worse by dylan ) , but the music is unexciting , not very creative , and downright embarrassing on some tracks . why , oh , why did you have to make an album like this , bob ? such talented people at your disposal for these sessions , and you threw it away on garbage arrangements . shameful . really sad . 
music neg 343.txt not the type of music i had envisioned...much slower than i was hoping for . 
music neg 538.txt i have all 5 volumes and this is the only one i do n't like . the selection of music is just plain bad . there are a few songs that are ok but most are just dull , dull , dull . i recommend going with one of the first 4 volumes instead 
music neg 859.txt agreed , the fan is there , but i must admit they are actually singing well in the actual solesmes style ( based on these samples ) . i have heard superb chant and frighteningly bad chant . this is not as bad as it gets i assure you . try to find something from a seminary or monastery 
music neg 494.txt yeah , i am a big fan of moby , and accidentally buying the cd that almost ended his career does n't shake that , if you want some good moby might i suggest 18 or play , this has some quiet more ambient tracks which show some promise , but fail to build up to anything , everything else is moby screaming in a traditional punk style , which were almost humorous , except , not [this much money] humorous , i am not a fan of this cd , i know he was starting out in a punk band , but his other stuff is much bette 
music neg 329.txt john mayer can grow his hair long and play his guitar slung low , but he is still a professionaly trained monkey , i mean musician . mayer along with " artists " like gavin degraw , teddy geiger , etc. , are todays n'sync and backstreet boys , nothing more . 
music neg 110.txt i woke up this morning to the grating sounds of " good little girls " blaring over my clock radio 's single , worn-out speaker . a speaker that has helped introduce some great songs over the past year , such as " there goes my life " and " live like you were dying " . " good little girls " is easily the worst country song i 've ever heard - and i thought neal mccoy was bad ! blue country is the c&w equivalent of wham ! ( a dated reference to be sure ) maybe i 'm just getting too old for country music 
music neg 151.txt people buy fast food , they know its bad for them . people pay the geek squad 229 to do 5 minutes of work . people also pay 10 bucks for words & techno beats called " pop music " . amazing , if you had this much money : go get a gym membership . pay off your cars . donate it to children 's hospital . why support some teen that in 2 years will die from the music scence and laugh in her mansion 
music neg 605.txt this cd and the one entitled " night ranger 's greatest hits are almost identical , but are different in this way : " best " contains " i did it for love " . " greatest " contains , instead , " rumours in the air " and " restless kind " . the other 10 tracks on each cd are the same . so , which one to buy ? my choice is the one with the extra track . also , in my opinion , both tracks on " greatest " are better than the one on " best " . in addition , here 's hoping that the band or record label decides to release a true " greatest hits " or " best of " album that will contain about 15 or 16 songs . or maybe a multi-disc compilation that will include some rare tracks . night ranger fans would surely delight to see something like that 
music neg 135.txt i love south music like three 6 , lil jon , master p , but this is a disgrace to every rapper alive and dead . man jd is just signing anyone these dayz to make money cuz he ca n't get no one wit talent . every song on here sounds like it was hurried up . fu*k so so de and fu*k dem franchize boyz they make me sick . 
music neg 616.txt this is a saccharine and banal take on irish music , with all the emotional intesity of a hummel figuraine . upon first listen , i remarked to my wife that they sounded more like peter , paul , and mary than the dubliners . she correctly pointed out that peter , paul , and mary were actually much better than this pablum , and that the irish rovers more closely resemble the fictional main street singers from a mighty wind . truly , absolutely , unlistenably passionless , cloying and bland 
music neg 238.txt this is nothing like the classic dead you 've heard about . far from it . the sound is too polished . & quot ; alabama get away&quot ; and & quot ; althea&quot ; are okay but the rest is junk . i think most dead heads would agree that this is not the one to look for if you just want some of the deads ' best music . really.. . the grateful dead with a polished sound ? ? just does n't seem to fit . save your money for one of their greatest hits compilations , plus american beauty , worjing man 's dead , europe ' 72 and & quot ; dead set&quot ; 
music neg 563.txt it ' curious how an interesting history can be not well told by a modern music . in some cases the music go to the hand with the story , but not in this cd , in which we say the music that it is not for the story . i did n't ejoyed with that c 
music neg 297.txt i bought this cd because i figured it would be a fresh take on some old favoirites . well , i 'd like to say i loved it , but i didnt . this cd just comes off as flat and lifeless . where as the original songs , the kyle toucher on vocals versions , had a certain edge , the remakes make great material sound very mediocre . for those of you first discovering dr. know , l this may be the greatest cd in the world...the material is that good-but , if you really want to experience dr. know , buy their best of cd that was released on mystic records . this is the best version of dr. know . hope this helps 
music neg 791.txt informatively , i have mason 's dvd 's , which i quite enjoy . however , this cd , labelled , " brand new , " contains many repeats and situations . in fact , at times i was ahead of jackie mason , mouthing word for word the joke and situation he was leading up to me . mason spoke as if he was rushing to meet a deadline , to the extent that much of the cd sounded like gibberish . for most of this cd i sat stone faced and suspected that perhaps the applause and clapping of hands were canned . mason , in my opinion , went overboard in his use of obscenities , loudly and in his asides , seemingly contrived for shock value . as for me , i think that this mislabelled , " brand new , " cd was a flop , and i would not care to have it in my collection for fear of the impression i would leave after my demise . so , another item destined for my shredder . finally , i would recommend the mason dvd 's , which i would have preferred with a slower delivery and less obscenities that add little to his performance . robert lyons reno , nevad 
music neg 22.txt before you get all worked up , let me say that he has a voice , but he really does n't have a style . he sings songs way too straight , he makes even bobby short sound like an improviser ! he also does n't seem to be in touch with his masculine side , his vocie is very , well if ying is male , and yang is female , he sounds very yang . he needs to take some liberties with the songs he sings and then he wo n't sound so obnoxious , then he needs to take some vocal lessons and try to bring out the ying ( masculine side ) in his voice . he needs to hear a few billy eckstine lp's . i do n't think he can change but here 's hoping he 'll take my advice . as far as you buying this cd it is your decision , this is just my honest opinion 
music neg 69.txt there 's a review here that compares hank iii with hank , and then suggests that hank iii adds to the legend with his clever lyrics . i think that person has never listened to hank 's stuff . it 's hard to compete with , " you wore out a brand new trunk , packin ' and unpackin ' all of your junk . " that 's my favorite hank lyric , and there are many , many more- -very , very clever , very hard to compete with . that said , i love iii . he has a hard way to go , and apparently he 's going it . i ca n't even imagine the dichotomy he faces- -looking and sounding like hank , and i 'm sure he loves that , yet wanting to do his own stuff . i bought his first cd as soon as i knew about it , and i 've been waiting for this one . on the first one i was disappointed with his writing ( but he 's a kid , for pete 's sake ) and was knocked out by wayne hancock . on the other hand- -i did n't know iii existed until i saw him on conan o'brian , and he was one of those performers who makes your head whip around and hit the " record " button so you can find out who he is . i 've listened to everything on lovesick broke & driftin ' and i love it . except for atlantic city- -once you 've heard the band do that , you do n't need anything else . hank iii , however , is on his way , and i 'm rooting for him . he 's got the stuff . ( and , by the way , to echo the sentiments of others on this board , i do n't listen to country anymore , at all ! it 's way too pop-commercial-boring-who cares ! ) i have n't listened to a country station for more than 10 years . go , iii . 
music neg 179.txt i bought the cd because i thought it was instrumental music . then i hit the tracks with vocals - yikes ! this is the only cd of lee ritenour that i bought . i am a first time listener . i must say that i do like the instrumental music very much . however , i really hate the tracks with vocals . 
music neg 694.txt this is definitely not a bad collection , but there are so many better ones out there , that this should not be your first choice . the song sweet emotion has been completely destroyed on this album . the entire bass intro has been cut out , and the song starts about an entire minute into it . there really is no reason to do this , as even on the radio , they play the entire thing , as it runs about 4 and a half minutes long . the song starts at a terrible place too . it sounds like it would if you turned on your radio to the middle of the song , then just stuck it on the cd that way . again , not a terrible compilation , but definitely not a good first choice 
music neg 910.txt i got hooked on tiesto about 5 years ago . heard a live taping on the radio of him a couple of weeks ago and they said its from this album . neverhteless , it was n't but it was still tiesto though right ? well...the hits on this cd are about 5 years old . the build ups are terrible and i felt like the songs were redone about 10 times from other various artists . stick with " tiesto:nyana " ...10130340345435 times better 
music neg 925.txt method : take a monster , genre defining album you recorded over 15 years ago , borrow the voicings , polyrhythms and sound effects , rearrange them to slightly ( but not *that* ) different tunes , crib the album art ( cheesy then ; cheesier now ) and re-release . the point ? well , to the man , it 's obvious . there 's one born every minute . but for genuine , discerning afficionados of electronica ? search me . like a good souffle , it was better the first time . indeed , inventing oxygene parts 7 - 13 is almost as pointless an exercise as going back and re-recording the original album from scratch . and guess what turned out to be jarre 's next project ? whoops ! writer 's block , perchance ? olly buxto 
music neg 333.txt all i got to say about this is that dudes need to stop making this kinds of records cuz this is not hip hop , its not what ll , rakim , krs-one , kool g rap , ice t , ice cube , nwa , and ( rip ) big and pac , started . we as fan have the power to end this buy simply not buying the album . please do not buy this , this fake rap is got to sto 
music neg 695.txt the cat carol is the most depressing christmas song i have ever heard . not to ruin the ending for you but the cat dies ! did n't exactly put me in the holiday spirit 
music neg 346.txt i found a supposedly " new remastered edition " of sade 's " diamond life " on sale for less than 10 bucks . oops ! great mistake ! when i tried to return it , the cd store was already out of business , and the copy is one issued in the netherlands which is marked into the booklet as " 2000 digital remastered version " . the whole album has been re-recorded with new arrangements ! the digital sound is quite good , but the new arrangements made for ' smooth operator ' really sucks ! ! 
music neg 368.txt all the cds this band has made suck . not even the first one so never buy something this idiots have made . blink-182 , sugarcult or sum 41 are good punk-pop 
music neg 727.txt we read all the previous reviews and thought this disc would be a keeper . we ( my husband , three kids 14 , 10 , and 5 ) tried it on a warm , spring evening in the car . one or two songs , like the banana splits , speed racer , and scooby-doo were fun . most however , were harsh , and too fast for the parents and youngest guy . i would rather try these songs in their original state and skip the covers 
music neg 269.txt as a fan of pete seeger 's music , i bought this cd in the hope that the family connection would ensure similar quality of the music . disappointingly , i 've found this album really grates on me after a couple of songs . peggy 's vocal style in particular becomes mighty annoying to listen to over the length of the album , as her delivery can best be described as a neo-hillbilly twang . i may end up combining the best half-dozen songs from this album with some other folk albums to generate a listenable & quot ; best-of&quot ; set , but i 'd find it unthinkable to listen to this entire set in one sitting . only devoted fans of the genre or the duo should invest in this set ; more casual fans of folk should direct their dollars to any of pete 's fine albums such as the carnegie hall classic 
music neg 761.txt i bought this because a few people had put it in their amazon lists . i just did n't like it at all . it is one of those albums where you play it , and you do n't take notice of it until the cd stops playing . it is very old and the music is simplistic . cool cover though 
music neg 561.txt whilst leo kottke plays guitar like a man with three hands and john fahey like a man with at least 11 or 12 fingers , robbie basho plays like a man with about eight thumbs . that this kind of tuneless twanging should be mentioned in the same breath as anything by kottke or fahey ( or peter lang ) is puzzling to say the least . but , credit where credit 's due : it 's not easy to make an acoustic guitar sound this unpleasant 
music neg 617.txt this album is dull and without any emotion.the only reason this guy is even known is because of his backgroud 
music neg 764.txt this cd while full of nice music , is to me rather pointless . it 's listed as a sound track but all it has is background music instrumentals . does anyone know the titles of the actual songs used in the movie ? aside from crazy train 
music neg 596.txt these guys were the nirvana of r&b , motown , soul , black music in the 90s . as nirvana was the band that ended good white music . boyz to men was the band that ended good black music . i am kinda pissed because nobody seems to notice it like i do . these guys especially the lead singer would always sing , oh wah oh wah oh oh ohhh oh after every sentence . i mean compare these guys to kool and the gang or the commodores or rick james . i could name tons and im not really a fan of soul type music . barry white , whitney houston , bobby brown , the temptations isaac hayes luther vandross . i mean in the 90s i think almost every r&b group was better than boyz to girls . i dont understand why these guys are so popular . i guess its just like seinfeld it sucks bad but people like it . its like all these idiots were born yesterday forgetting about quality music and sitcoms from the past that were better . 
music neg 327.txt i love destiny 's child...but this cd...big disappointment . the best songs on the entire cd were probably lose my breath , cater 2 u and girl...big disappointment...i just wasnt feeling the cd when i bought it. . 
music neg 697.txt i could not wait to get this album . i usually love to hear the new the hypnotize minds albums . however after so many years groups do make mistakes . this is a major one . chrome could suck his name off of a trailer hitch . i own the original copies of every prophet / hypnotize relese since mystic styles , and this is by far the worst to emerge . they never release a lord infamous solo album in 12 years ( not to mention he is dj paul 's brother...wait i just did ) and now this ? ? ? what 's next , a crunchy black album lol ? ? this is a personal note to dj paul and juicy j...please swallow your pride and re-hire ( at least ) t-rock , gangsta boo , mc mack , and bribe some judges to get lord infamous out of jail ! ! ! p.s. - this only gets 2 stars for the production value . 
music neg 16.txt " maiden voyage " appears on innumerable lists of jazz masterpieces , and it is clear from the first listen that both the composition and the playing are at a level of technical proficiency unmatched on most albums of this era or any time afterward . nevertheless , the finished product is not one that all listeners will find appealing . to these ears , this album seems aimless and even somewhat annoying . the songs meander without clear structure and tony williams ' drumming seems at times to be going in a direction opposite that of the rest of the band . the influence of this album is indisputable , but its enjoyability is a more subjective matter . if you enjoy groundbreaking , cerebral jazz such as the music made by miles davis ' second quintet , then this album will probably work for you . if , on the other hand , you favor hancock 's earlier and more accessible albums " takin ' off " and " my point of view , " this album may be a bit of a letdown 
music neg 33.txt i purchased a copy of this album after a suggestion from a friend.....a few hours later in ended up in the bin.....very dissapointing , bland and not to mention boring and derivative ( some people from new york would understand what i mean ) . in summary....not only does kylie mingogue ( i wont grace her name with capitals ) fall flat on cd....she also cannot perform live and rely 's on " gay camp it up " imagery to hide behind ( a very cheap and politically incorrect exploit ) . a very bad performer and a shameful album . 
music neg 108.txt any group that is so lacking in imagination that it has to steal as unusual and distinctive a song title as " boulevard of broken dreams " ( a 1934 hit song ) deserves to be ridiculed , not rewarded with a grammy . i 'm just full of original ideas . i ca n't decide whether to write a song called " wake me up before you go-go " or " grandma got run over by a reindeer " - or maybe " do you know the way to san jose " ? 
music neg 511.txt ac / dc is no doubt one of the best rock bands of all time , but they are not growing as musicians . sure , they can rock like they used too , but they seem to be out of ideas . the well is dry . put out a anthology already ! ! ! at least my favorite band deep purple keep coming up with good stuff , and with imagination ! the fact that purple 's music continues to fascinate as well as puzzle after all this time is evidence we are dealing with art of the highest caliber . anyway , better luck next time angus & co. stiff upper lip ~ ac / dc : 2 stars 
music neg 260.txt i was very excited to hear that this new muppets holiday offering was coming ! the previous two christmas albums ( " a christmas together " w / john denver & " a muppet christmas carol " ) have long been family favorites at hour house in december . however , this time i am disappointed . most of the songs performed on this cd include voices not done by the original puppeteers that made them famous . i realize it is impossible to perfectly duplicate the voices to match the puppeteers that are no longer with us . but , to focus on these voices so much ( kermit , rowlf , dr. teeth , statler & waldorf , the swedish chef ) in this album , only produces a disappointing reminder that the " muppets " we grew up with are long gone . maybe i am being a little hard on this cd . but , there are plenty of muppets they could have focused on for this project that are still performed in the original voices ( robin , sam , honeydew & beaker , rizzo , louzeland , etc ) . those voices added to those of ganzo , miss piggy and fozzie would have made for a more familiar feel . there are a couple of good cuts on the album . one is " merry christmas " by pepe . the other is " santa baby " by miss piggy . sadly , over all i can not recommend this cd . 
music neg 81.txt i 've listened to this piece of work several times , in many positions , on various stero systems , during different moods and i just ca n't understand the lyrics half the time and the arrangements were best described as ' a wall of mud' . it is n't a question of country music , or contemporary music , with elh she has demonstrated throughout the years she just loves , and respects , good music . the music is good , the woman has impeccable taste but this time i had wished she sat in on the mixing process . i think i understand the aim of this collection but geez , i wish i didn't . i am too accustomed to hearing elh 's clear voice slice to the heart of the lyrics , take them and present them with a totally unique perspective . i wo n't start on her own playing because this review would be nothing but gushing about her near-total mastery of her craft . she 's an amazing woman , artist and collaborator - - i love her because she is everywhere in music : supporting new artists , doing background for others , her duets are gems of generosity with respect for her fellow artists , while always doing what 's best for the song . i just hope there 's no follow up to wb . i 'm very happy with my other 8 elh cds and i 'm in awe of ' all roads running ' and my [...]is going to be front center next week in los angeles . it 's like waiting for xmas 
music neg 710.txt i have followed bruce hornsby for over 20 years and own every album he has ever come out with including two concert dvds . i was reluctant to buy intersections due to owning all the other , but if you have been to hornsby concert you know that he always keeos things fresh..no exception here . i loved the dvd of some of his performances . there are treasures here , imagine , solo on the piano at an awards show , the star spangled banner at the world series with marsalis , and his performance with bb king.it is a must for the hard core hornsby fan 
music neg 724.txt i 'm a " compleat " beatlemaniac , and i do n't mind the political statements at all , but this is a nearly unlistenable record that i have a hard time counting as a serious musical effort or even a real album . i would have loved it if it had been a 7 " single , " woman is the nigger of the world , " with the rest of it just words written in liner notes . after that opening track , the remainder is a serious chore to get through . it 's almost unimaginable that this came out between the excellent " imagine " ( 1971 ) and the solid " mind games " ( 1973 ) , but then again , john was not consistent , in part surely due to his apparent and admirable lack of commitment to being a pop star . love john for the genius he was , his commitment to peace , and the great music he made - - it 's just that there 's barely any of it on this particular record . 
music neg 249.txt i should first state that i am a huge ej fan . his music has been extremely important to me over the years . he is , without a doubt , a genius ... i would go so far as to call him the mozart of our times . but , elton can also write bloated , self-indulgent tripe , and if you ask me , this album belongs in that bucket . i give it 2 stars just because of ssmlt , one of his all-time greats . i never cease to be blown away by that song . but the rest of this album ? booooooring ! ! ! 
music neg 979.txt rhymefest is an ok rapper and the first two joints are bumping . man , i thought i was in for a classic hip hop album , it was like the lakers were ahead by 30 points then all of a sudden the other team caught up and eventually won the game because after that it was just wack track after wack track . i admire his thought provoking lyrics but if the beat ai n't hittin i could care less what you 're rapping about . rhymefest used so many r&b singers i thought i was listening to some old new edition or after 7 joints not that i do n't like those singers but i do n't want to hear that on no hip hop album . if you want to hear some real chicago hip hop check out all natural the best besides common to ever come from the city of wind 
music neg 303.txt this is a pep rally on cd ; an unsingable , emotionally charged pep rally . it really upsets me that this is the face of today 's christian music . the melodies are not easily singable at all , and the songs use all the same musical cliches . this is worship manipulation at it 's best . if you read the words to learn something concrete about god , you will find nothing of substance . they talk about actions to give god and our response to god , but no meat-and-potatoes of why we should be doing this . god is great , but why ? this is very disturbing , and completely unacceptable for congregational worship . 
music neg 14.txt listening to the standards being sung by rod stewart is like listening to classical music being played on a kazoo ! if you 're new to this music , try out some sinatra cd's . he 's the guy who sets the standard when it comes to singing the standards 
music neg 819.txt if you want the original recordings , do n't purchase any volume of television 's greatest hits . i 've had better luck recording the songs off of my tv with a cassette tape recorder and then dehissing them on my pc . these collections have sterile sounding fake stereo recordings of " the beverly hillbillies " and " the munsters " that just do n't sound right to me . if the original recordings do n't matter to you , then you may like this cd 
music neg 323.txt i just wanted to let you know about a copyright situation . in this movie there is a part where they are sitting in a mexican food restuarant and there is a song playing in the back round . that song is not listed on the song track and i think it should be . the song is atrevido by orishas . i think this is wrong . 
music neg 68.txt based on other reviews here and comparisons to jellyfish , jason falkner and the beatles , i was expecting a lot better . instead i find this work very shrill and hard to listen to . is the guy talented musically ? yes . but his voice is mediocre and his songs really do n't do it for me . sorry but i feel the need to give an honest assessment so others wo n't be mislead by the breathless reviews here . i am a big fan of power pop and all good music but this does not rank with the best of that genre 
music neg 796.txt i was expecting it to have a lot of international type music to it but it virtually sounded the same as the original . i think i may have mistaken this cd title for another of shania's . her music is great but i do n't see a difference with the international version 
music neg 621.txt this is junk not music.neon moon is the worst song ever ! it is so boring and dull.and a cool drink of water is a horribly written and sung song ! this music bores me ! leave it alone and stick to rap , rock , or metal.country sucks 
music neg 138.txt not what i expected . it was n't as ' manly ' as i had hoped 
music neg 416.txt the most untalented producer in the business . honestly the only tracks that shine is all the ones with biggie and black rob 's only one hit . the rest of this is trash . especially those chickenheads total . and once again puff tryin to eat off biggie carcass . dont give this bum anymore money , just listen to biggies two gems and " f " the rest 
music neg 20.txt i ca n't believe rubbish like this goes platinum . rap today with a few exceptions is a joke . people like chingy , nelly , ludacris , ja rule , lil jon and any other idiot with lil in their name are ruining rap and making it look like a joke . what is really getting me angry is how so many people do n't give any respect to real rap legends like tupac and biggie , and give tons of respect to all these clowns . people are thinking this is the sort of stuff rap fans listen to . all these people talk about is money , bling bling and sex . rap used to be about the streets now its just all i 've got so much money and stuff . if you want a real rap cd then get one of the following . nwa - straight outta compton ice cube - amerikka 's most wanted dr dre - the chronic snoop doggy dogg - doggystyle nas - illmatic tha dogg pound - dogg food tupac - me against the world tupac - all eyez on me tupac - greatest hits 50 cent - power of the dollar biggie - life after death you get the picture 
music neg 46.txt i luv fall out boy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! awl songs get 10 outta 10 ! ! ! ! ! ! deservs all 6 starss ! ! ! 
music neg 713.txt oh my goodness rodger , oh my goodness . just oh my gosh , i 'm just stunned . this is the crappiest pice of crap that was ever ingested and mushed into chyme . yeah , you heard me , this is chyme . ok , let 's see , let 's mix bland country ballads with all kinds of awkward pop / country crossovers... . what do we get , half-baked , half-digested stuff that is for dumb teenage girls who are massively overweight . well , they 're probably smarter than me.......... . i 'm like as smart as a fungi . no one needs to know and whose bed have your boots been under are on the right direction out of the smelly stool sample . before i get too many people wanting to massively torture me with horrible utensils i 'll say something nice . come on over was an excellent effort , with all kinds of hooks , great production ( errr , i mean it is robert " i 'm actually dead " lang ) , and all kinds of fun . up ! was even better ( i 'm not going to praise it too much , though , i mean , i am an 18 year old guy..... . so i already feel like i should be staring at a picture of kevin sorbo or something.. . which is not cool , i mean unless it 's just hero worship , i could worship kevin sorbo ) ! but still , we have this horrible , stinking , steaming mass of smelly wet clay-like pudding to shovel into the toilet ( it 's intended target ) ...... looks like someone has bad aim 
music neg 4.txt this industry is " goin down " u call this an album ? ? ? lo 
music neg 536.txt sounds like it should be in a meg ryan romantic comedy . did they intentionally try to erase his personality ? sounds like it was produced in nashville ! this should be a demo for another singer to record . it 's just too schmaltzy for me . i think phil ramone may be slipping too . billy is a much better singer than this . after listening to this song i instinctively lit a match . i 'm going to go listen to glass houses 
music neg 885.txt the 1 star is for this 5 star cd box set being no longer available . does anyone know why or if it will be reissued soon ? i have the highlights cd and the " live at the plugged nickel " double lp - but not being able to buy this is disappointing and puzzling . thank you in advance for any help . scott k fis 
music neg 412.txt maan , ima venda spenda of dis shizzi hur but fur shur , iz hord cor poor . i meanz what i be sayin is i be buyin all the hip s*** but when i play dis on ma player my mind be hurtin , in da bad way . so fow sho , to all da playaz out thay stay clean of this bad crack , itll hurt yow mind and yow poket . fur shur dis is da flippa , keep it clean boyz ( yea , you punks now what i be sayin 
music neg 545.txt this album is all about sex and infidelity , is this all way usher 's life is about . this album contains to substance worth listening to . this album is a total waste of money . i like 8701 100 percent better 
music neg 278.txt thankfully i checked this out of the library and did not spend money on it . i felt the need to add a review though to spare those who might be thinking of buying it . i made it through the cd once with my kids , but that was it . we will not be listening again . as others have said , go buy the radio disney cds ( or possibly later version of kidzbop if they come with better reviews ) . the singers ( kids and adults ! ) on kidzbob are out of tune and just painful to listen to . 
music neg 758.txt this disc was simply a waste of my time...very mediocre songs , heavy emphasis on sex instead of talent...corey 's voice is below average....i get the feeling that corey clark is imitating a good singer with a viable career , and not doing it very well....clearly ' fake it till you make it ' is n't working here . the songs all sound the same , i kept waiting for something to get me grooving , but it just did n't happen . i think his ego is much larger than his actual musical potential...he either needs voice lessons , a little humility , and some professional grooming ( and i do n't mean clothing ) . 
music neg 471.txt i ususally like aguilera and i need a song to practice for dance so i bought this one for " no other man " figuring i would like the other songs as well . i was so wrong . i hate the rest of them . 
music neg 838.txt all in all , i was really dissapointed ; i really enjoyed the king geedorah album . i thought the king geedorah album boasted stellar , thematic , production , tolerable skits , and street-wise but deep lyrical content . doom is on the boards for about 1 / 3 of the tracks on ' escape.. . ' all have the stereotypical doom sound , with the only standout being ' 1 , 2...1 , 2. ' the x-ray produced tracks are minimal , but generally sound stiff , lacking much of a groove - thin synth lines , few sampled melodies . i did like ' warning ( kong ) , ' which has a nice , minimal , dark groove . the lyrical flows have a classic new york sound , pretty good . lyrical content is pretty bad , unless you enjoy repetitious rhymes about smoking weed and women riding my d$ &*. 
music neg 58.txt great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks 
music neg 62.txt the cd is great ! ! ! the legendary johnny cash comes thru loud and clear on this cd . however , it took amazon over 30 days to deliver this item and that was only after numerous emails to them . their attitude of " just wait a few more days and email us again " was both insulting and annoying . thank goodness this was n't a christmas gift for someone . 
music neg 693.txt when i played the first composition on this cd , i started thinking that perhaps i had purchased a really stellar cd because the first song was really jumping . but after that , this cd is disapointing to me . there are maybe three pretty good compositions with the rest being totally unmemorable . with the three good cuts from this disc and a few from her first cd , joyce cooling could have made one good cd . but , in my opinion , there are n't enough good songs here to warrant a release of this cd . joyce certainly has potential , but she needs to work on her creativity . she sound here like an artist still maturing in style 
music neg 681.txt reba is not country anymore period ! ! this cd will prove that . just listen to the first track which i think is horrible . as a matter of fact i think the whole cd is horrible . not deserving of reba 's talent . 
music neg 978.txt if i ca n't buy the cd with all the songs that were played in the movie then i wo n't buy it . i know one cd could cover the entire movie so why ca n't this be done ? does it concern copy rights and releases 
music neg 338.txt this is the album when ja officially became a b*tch . his first 2 albums was good , i enjoyed them both and those are highly recommended . i hated this s*it from start to finish . this is a waste of space in the cd case . how can you be a murderer and a singer at the same time ? now i do n't mind too much about redoing a song about or with a dead rapper , but you should 've at least knew him muthaf***er ! another disembowelment to one of pac 's classics . i stopped listenin ' to ja because he made a big change . not cause of 50. unlike some turncoat fans . 
music neg 631.txt & quot ; modern&quot ; usually sounds like some outdated mid-80s new wave album by the cars , flock of seagulls , or somesuch . it is not a punk record , mostly midtempo pop . the three songs diggle wrote and sings on are basically awful ; shelley 's are considerably better - the usual wry lyrics and great hooks . i would say about 3 or 4 of the tunes are topnotch buzzcocks stuff ; newbies should buy & quot ; operator 's manual&quot ; or & quot ; going steady . &quot ; or dig up the amazing & quot ; different kind of tension&quot ; from a used record store somewhere ! also , see them live if you have a chance 
music neg 935.txt i am very dissapointed with this dualdisc , because there is no comment ( worning ) about dvd region protection . what can i do with this disc - region 1 , in europe ( region 2 ) ? my message for sony corporation is : " this format will not exist for long with dvd region protection ! sorry . " . my first , and last dualdisc . back to the sacd 
music neg 429.txt i hate saying this as a huge good charlotte fan but their new album is just a major waste of money . their first album is one of my top five albums of all time , but this one sucks . the songs are all dance pop synthesized junk . no real guitars , no messages to any of the songs , no nothing . i dont know if joel is just too busy running around town with nicole richie or what but they skipped out on this album . the only redeaming song is the river , on which they colaberated with m shadows and synester gates of avenged sevenfold . i hate hate hate to say it but dont waste your money or time on this one , just listen to the first album and remember what a great band they used to be . 
music neg 7.txt ok , so the song playing when brian goes and we see mia for the first time is a song called " deep enough ( urban remix ) " by live . i have the other songs written down , including the one played between the two buildings , so i will find them and tell you . if you all want only the songs that were actually in the movie , rent the dvd , and take about ten minutes to watch the credits and write down the song names and artists . that 's how i have only the songs that are in the movie 
music neg 599.txt i bought this cd only yesterday.the recording level is too low and i could not listen to the performance even with the volume cranked fully up.rather than going in for another high wattage amplifier i decided to return the cd ! ! 
music neg 639.txt britain , circa 1997. tony blair is elected p.m. princess di perishes . and the spice girls are unleashed to an unsuspecting public . this effort is an attempt to cash in on the phenomenon before a fickle populace turns their attention to the next best thing . to be fair , the girls are not to blame for what a tedious flick this is . rather , they are appealing and prove to be the film 's lone redeeming factor . the fault lies in the script that tries to do for the spice girls what " a hard days ' night " did for the beatles . whereas the fab four 's film was full of wit and cogent commentary on beatlemania this flick is unfunny and basically incoherent about what it 's trying to say about the spice craze . i was reminded more of the monkees ' " head " than i was of " a hard days ' night " . lots of celeb cameos ( roger moore , elton john , et al ) that amount to naught . oh , well . on to " from justin to kelly " 
music neg 933.txt dan fogelberg is an extremely talented songwriter and performer . unfortunately , the songs that get the most radio play are his weaker efforts , songs that seem formulaic and & quot ; safe . &quot ; his best songs are the lesser known works - - listeners have to buy the albums in order to hear them . they 'll never make it to the pop airwaves . serious fogelberg fans will be disappointed by this greatest hits cd . & quot ; greatest hits&quot ; is not synonymous with & quot ; greatest music . &quot 
music neg 768.txt sinceramente , no puedo entender la devocion de muchas perosnas , incluso renombrados artistas , hacia este musico.. . ungido de la leyenda grape , amparado en el descontrol y la libertad absoluta que encierra la locura , esta coleccion de temas no genera mas que sentimientos encontrados..lastima , piedad , curiosidad...no se , me genera igual sensacion que muchos discos de erickson ( 13th.... . ) .. en ningun momento se me revela como la creacion de un genio. . en fin , son opiniones , nada mas . 
music neg 705.txt ok , i 've listened to fat boy slim . that guy 's stuff is n't bad , by no means main stream , but worth while . but ... this norman cook - he 's horrible . it 's no wonder cook developed an alter ego . with the exception of a few easily recognisable tunes , i could n't believe this & quot ; stuff&quot ; had come from the same artist that produced praise you . renegade master is the type of track i 've come to know and respect ( that one is a keeper ) , and i have to give props for i left my wallet in el segundo . other than that , this album sounds like someone mixed songs from the first dozen records they found during their expedition to the flea market . if this is the sound you 're looking for , save a few bucks , check out your local yard sales . so as not to be too negative , i 'll say this ; the printing job on the cd itself is charming . the notion of making it look like a turntable was inspired 
music neg 469.txt let me first say this , roots is basically paul simon 's graceland , except nu-metalized . these guys went to south america , cut a couple of terrible tracks with " natives " ? , then filled the rest of it out with generic nu-metal crapola with that guy from korn cut and pasted into the mix for good measure . this is a particularily bad example of the vile and thank-you-god-in-heaven-it's -dead nu-metal genre-meaningless pissed off lyrics , excessive " guesting " of other crappy artist , bad guitar , bad sitar ( ! ) , and the inclusion of anything to do with korn , all presumabely done with band members sporting loinclothes and rambo style striped face paint . the biggest waste of time , money , and matter . its a shame that these guys are living and breathing and taking up space and resources that someone else could be using . a real bummer . 
music neg 627.txt another unspeakable album from the most unspeakably overwrought , over-produced and over-rated rock band of all time . did i mention over the top ? let 's face it , queen was a group of crypto-fascists , working hard to put a human face on thatcherism . ghastly stuff . k . 
music neg 652.txt this guy sounds worse than brian johnson does now . why ca n't people my age stop copying the past ? be original . that 's it . this style is well worn out . 
music neg 9.txt this is not the music from the movie . this purchase was a major dissapointment . you would do beter searching for the music credits for titles , then download the tracks form your music subscriber 
music neg 439.txt i bought this cd after having seen ken burns ' special on pbs . the energy that came through on screen in the benny goodman segments does n't really come through in this cd . artie shaw said that benny goodman was too much of a perfectionist to take risks and so his music languished in predictability . that shows in this collection . afterall , where would jazz be if jazz musicians did n't take risks 
music neg 308.txt great recording , but if you want to actually use it , like load it on your ipod it has sony 's stupid drm . meaning you can't . do n't buy sony products ! ! 
music neg 573.txt http : / / www.strangeland.com / asp / show.asp ? id=13635 http : / / www3.strangeland.com / asp / show.asp ? id=99 
music neg 966.txt sinceramente , no puedo entender la devocion de muchas perosnas , incluso renombrados artistas , hacia este musico.. . ungido de la leyenda grape , amparado en el descontrol y la libertad absoluta que encierra la locura , esta coleccion de temas no genera mas que sentimientos encontrados..lastima , piedad , curiosidad...no se , me genera igual sensacion que muchos discos de erickson ( 13th.... . ) .. en ningun momento se me revela como la creacion de un genio. . en fin , son opiniones , nada mas . 
music neg 475.txt i bought this cd for the avril lavigne song keep holding on. i really like her song , and this is the only way i could find to buy get it . was to buy the eragon sound track . i havent seen the movie . besides that i would n't have bought it 
music neg 626.txt i do not like parker 's style at all . i ca n't really say anything else . it is all in the way you format a song , and i just do n't like parker 
music neg 446.txt do not buy this cd . he is definitely wack . his silly rhyme style and dull voice sounds lethargic over uninspired beats . as a member of " children of the corn " he was weak and he still is weak . the other member of his dip-set crew outshine him on his own cd...how lame is that . through away any cam'ron cd 's you own and immediately replace them with music by jay-z . 
music neg 559.txt camera obscura is similar , in an inferior manner , to nico , of the velvet underground & nico . the band makes pleasantly dull " chamber pop " in the vein of belle & sebastian and all those other similar bands to emerge over the last few years . even their name is ripped off of nico 's last studio album , camera obscura . but , as i said before , camera obscura is much worse than nico . if you want to hear what music like this was meant to sound like , pick up " chelsea girl , " nico 's first solo album 
music neg 773.txt these guys are not artists . they are unimaginative lamebrains unwittingly and badly rewriting already overplayed music from a long dead scene . it 's like a few monkeys build a house , and all the other monkeys rave about it , but in reality the house is just a banana tree with a welcome mat.. . whatever that means . i am constantly astounded as to how waste like this gets on the radio . buy this cd if you want to vomit everywhere . 
music neg 690.txt just another cd of the awful , awful techno-crud that has infested goth / industrial clubs , while real artists like cinema strange and knifeladder get the shaft . worthless on every level 
music neg 670.txt this disc is bad ! ! ! right at the 2 " mark the sound of the " rock water " is join by what sounds like a slow draining bathtub . this sound is more or less present throughout the entire hour . other discs of this type that i 've heard do n't do this 
music neg 381.txt it sounds like someone somehow got the deftones to suck worse than they already do . this album is n't nearly as musically interesting as tear from the red . i do n't mind the singers new approach to vocals , but it just sounded like they did n't try at all . all the songs sound the same , the tempo is too fast on almost all the songs for the screamo sound , and hearing random voices and sounds of them in the studio between recordings just makes the album drag . although they 've goten much tighter as a band and are n't as sloppy as they used to be , ( they fell out of sync a lot in the opposite of december ) this album was definitely a backwards step in their progression as real musicians . save your money and buy tear from the red instead 
music neg 841.txt i purchased this cd shortly after finding out that nickel creek would be disolving their union as a band . i hoped that this collection would be suitable for both myself ( as a strong supporter of nickel creek ) and my two children . this cd honestly fails to deliver a suitable substitution for the music that nickel creek produced over the past 7 years . although , i guess that was an unrealistic expectation to have for this cd . you have to keep in mind that the members of nickel creek were just children themselves when they released this cd . i do n't believe that they had found their true musical identity , and they obviously would n't have reached their full musical potential yet . this cd is n't really the best for a todler either , so i have to say that this purchase was a let down overall 
music neg 777.txt my youngest brother , who has a pretty strange sense of humor , bought me this cd for my birthday ; i wonder how he knew i did n't own it already ? i do n't even know where to begin with this one . what can you say about somebody who poses for an album cover in rainbow-painted panties while licking a heart-shaped lolli-pop ? and the foldout poster of her reclining on pink satin sheets with said lolli-pop is downright laughable . does she expect anyone to take her seriously ? after her first album , i thought carey had a remarkable talent that needed some fine-tuning , particularly in regard to her penchant for singing cliches . instead of getting better , though , she has turned her career into a self-debasing fantasy of baby-doll mannerisms coupled with relentlessly monotonous song choices . rappers like jay-z , snoop dogg , missy elliott and usher are brought in to add spice , but they only drown in the sticky-sweet syrup of gunk that she chooses to sing . she may have a lot of #1 hits , but who can tell any of them apart ? rainbow is only carey 's latest entry in a career that has lowered the quality standard for divas everywhere . d - tom rya 
music neg 729.txt i have been a nin fan since pretty hate machine . i think trent reznor is a brilliant musician . all of his previous albums have been absolute genius....until this ? i pre-ordered this album anticipating another masterpiece . what a disappointment ! ! i still ca n't get over how terrible this album is ! the only song that is worth mentioning is " you know what you are . " that 's the trent i know ! i purposely skipped the tour just so i did n't have to hear the new stuff ! i hope this is n't it for him , but i will be cautious when the next album comes out 
music neg 155.txt please change your name to ( kid rap ) .. when you start producing true rock cd 's then and only then you should put rock back into your fake name.. . stop playing both sides. . i realize that the rap - hip hop scene is much easier because over half the fan base is little girls / boys and people that dont have a clue what music is all about. . do yourself a favor and take the rap / hip hop out of your so called music . one day you will realize that the rap / hip hop scene is like a bad smell that real music fans hate and wish would go away. . 
music neg 432.txt i bought this in a haze of holiday optimism , having heard ms. aguilera knock my socks off dueting with tony bennett on a television tribute show . there is no denying that the girl can sing . unfortunately , what she sings here is banal at best , and downright irritating at worst- -lots of gratuitous squealing . it 's a real shame to see a talent like hers drowned by the tide of pop mediocrity . i reluctantly gave this two stars rather than one in recognition of my age . maybe i just do n't get it . then again , maybe it 's just not there for me to get 
music neg 934.txt i love the song & quot ; nasca lines&quot ; which i first heard on a putamayo world music cd , so i ordered & quot ; under one sky&quot ; since it has & quot ; nasca lines . &quot ; i figured all the music would be as good , but i was so disappointed . it was very jazzy , which i hate . i 'm going back to the putamayo cds 
music neg 923.txt i cant understand how anyone can give this album more than one star . luckily i got this cd for free when they were handing them out to everyone who came to their shows on their 2005 tour . i love classic journey , but this band has gone downhill faster than i ever thought possible . most of the songs are terrible-boring music and even worse lyrics . ' arrival ' was pretty mediocre , but this is about 5 steps down from there . granted , steve augeri does complete justice to the old songs in concert and really sounds great , but he obviously has nothing to offer in the way of songwriting . the only way this band will ever create quality new music is if perry were to stop sitting around at home and come back to the band . otherwise , the band should seriously consider not making any more new music and just go on tour every couple of years 
music neg 775.txt yet even some of you who agree that the album bites still say that " tub thumping " is okay , even if it " gets old after awhile " . that song is crap ! ! ! has to be one of the worst songs ever to get play . ever ! sounds like a bad radio commercial for some english beer they 're trying to market in the states . that song ( if you can call a random string of cheesy choruses a song ) makes the strongest argument against anarchy that i 've ever heard . proves that people who ca n't agree on anything ca n't make a song that makes any sense or follows any consistent theme . gotta go - just threw up in my mouth from the bilious memory of this worthless pop drivel 
music neg 171.txt the schumann that is presented here is a forgery . do n't get me wrong . i 'm not railing against schumann at all . the question here is what makes schumann great , and the way that bernstein presents these symphonies says schumann is great for the wrong reasons . the real schumann that lived was a completely different person than what we might assume from listening to this particular presentation of his music . schumann was not a hopeless romantic . he was one composer in a long line of " classicists " which ended with brahms , yet at the same time he was an innovator , pushing forward , trying to find new stylistic and technical means of expression . he had plenty of dignity , and he did n't write his music as a desperate plea for the world to like him , which is exactly what it sounds like here . bernstein trudges through these fine works as if he were dying . yes , many of these performances are the slowest on record , but this is a bad thing . these beautiful works lose value immeasurably when they are saturated with thick , waxy , overly romantic textures and phrasing . tell me , did schumann ever write : " to be played extremely histrionically and melodramatically , with the greatest possible amount of cheese and theatrics " in his score ? no ! he did not . these performances are not more expressive than others in the real sense of the word , and any person in his / her right mind should be able to see this . you may be able to hear the orchestration more clearly than in karajan 's filth , but that 's not saying much at all . and for this slight favor bernstein does for the music , he makes it infinitely worse when he stretches the fabric of these works beyond their limit . the most blatant example is the third movement of the second symphony , taken at half tempo . all semblance of melody and motion is lost . this movement is supposed to be several minutes shorter than the first , and not the longest movement of the symphony , not to mention the longest movement in the entire set . in fact , almost every movement of every symphony could stand to have at least a minute hacked off of its timing . also , while looking at the scores , you might notice that bernstein does away with detail work this time around . carefully laid out phrasing and the dynamic arch are thrown out of the window in favor of grand " romantic " gestures . observing details in schumann , ironically , helps to make the music speak more freely and honestly . this is n't honest music-making here , only a self-indulgent conductor once again plastering his image over the face of great art 
music neg 360.txt this album is n't not very good at all . there are about four songs i like . first off , the production on this cd is disgusting considering some of the producers make great beats . then , the guest artists do a sub-par job lyrically . then , there are no new verses from biggie , on the album . they should have stopped with born again , because album will be a forgotten one , not a great way to close out the legecy of bigge smalls 
music neg 358.txt boney used to be the man , but now he has 2 crappy releases behind him . anyone who thinks this cd is good should listen to his older stuff like seduction , trust , or backbone . you will quickly realize that he has not been living up to his full potential . cmon'boney lets get back to multi-dimentional stuff that you used to be the master of . peace 
music neg 64.txt as if the song for mesmerize was'nt bad enough . a f*** 'in grease video ? ? ? ! ! ! ! ja officially became a diva with this album . this album is horrible . the pledge had some life due to nas appearance , thats why it 's hard for me to request a zero star rating . bottomline if ja 's body was made up of his albums , this part would gangrene , maggots would avoid this and you should too 
music neg 867.txt man i do n't know what he was thinking when he recorded some of these songs . the musicianship is , of course , outstanding and his voice is perfect for covering lightning hopkins , furry lewis , son house ( shaker lp ) but who wants to hear repeated renditions of my old dog blue ? i agree with other reviewers who laud " james alley blues " " richland woman " the 2 l.hopkins songs " katie mae " and " darling , do you remember me " muddy waters ' " little geneva " and sonny boy williamson 's " do n't start me to talking . " the other songs do not merit a second listening for anything other than historical interest . the " shaker " cd is even worse . son house 's " death letter " is above average , maybe even great . the rest is barely listenable . if you love the blues , particularly folk blues you will be infinitely happier with any l . hopkins cd 
music neg 77.txt i ca n't fathom why anyone would enjoy this album . the lyrics must have come out of a dadaist poetry circle , and ( most of ) the guitar work is completely without personality . what is the criterion of a good rock album ? by any standards it must be a joy to play it . 6teen stone misses the mark by such dimensions one must assume it was intentional . but it does n't so much incite anger than it does disdain for bush 's attempts to emulate nirvana . where nirvana has clearly enunciated guitar riffs and minimalist , evocative lyrics , bush has dull , throbbing guitar drones that project nothing to the listener but a kind of malaise-inspired anger . there 's not much more to say about 6teen stone . i could tell you about the embarrassment of listening to the lyrics on songs like " swim " : thinning ice / 14 hairdryers / swimming to you / flame on earth desire . " or the artistic suicide of the last track , " x-girlfriend " , a song composed of a little guitar-wailing and a non-stop chorus that 's about six words long . that 's about all i can tell you . mostly i figure i 've done enough warning to let you make your own choice . if you do attempt this though , you ought to be told the little good news that there is : there are about 5 minutes of good music are contained on the album , split between " machinehead " and " glycerine . " the first is an energetic , well-constructed song about control ( you might have seen the music video for it about 11 years ago on total request live ) , the second a serenade featuring over-dubbed guitars , a trembling cello , and a surprisingly coherent rossdale . they hold the album ; about as well as a couple of floor joists can hold a crumbling building . 
music neg 684.txt sucks . if you like this album you are a poser . that means you think cradle of filth is black metal and slipknot is death metal . one guy i know that listens to norma jean , as i lay dying , and unearth , called me emo for listening to acid bath . how stupid can you be ? you posers need to wise up and listen to real metal , such as morbid angel , darkthrone , amon amarth , old sepultura , and dissection 
music neg 392.txt okay , i will admit to liking poor tom , bonzo 's whatever ( it sure beats moby dick ! ) and wearing and tearing , but other than that this is a collection of outtakes that should 've stayed outtakes . low points include we 're gonna groove , the live i ca n't quit you baby , walter 's walk and ozone baby . it 's a shame that traveling riverside blues and hey hey , what can i do were left off this album , and included only in the boxed set reissue - it 's the only place you can find hey hey , what can i do , one of my favorite zeppelin songs , and with riverside blues , you have a choice : shell out $100 to get it , or sit through the crappy bbc sessions album . if you 're obsessed with the band , i guess this would be good for you . but the best version of coda is in the aforementioned $100 boxed set . 
music neg 280.txt who the **ck are gnr ? ? plus they make awful music ! i ca n't stand this annyoing album . the music is awful , so as the lyrics . there is not one good song on this piece of s**t . it is a album that contains 12 crappy songs . axl rose is a very annoying lead singer just screams and sings horribly , and slash is terrible too . in the way stay away from this as well as gnrs other albums . leave gnr alone....gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks . i recommend buy these albums insted . foreigner 4 love over gold-dire straits on every street-dire straits combat rock-the clash how to dismantle an atomic bomb-u2 american idiot-green day animal magnetism-scorpions load-metallica reload-metallica and justice for all-metallica master of puppets-metallica ride the lightning-metallica self title black album-metallica past masters vol 2-beatles physical graffiti-led zeppelin some girls-the rolling stones greatest hits-neil young the last dj-tom petty -gnr are as bad as pink floyd , pearl jam , nirvana , and ac / dc . avoid all albums from those bands . 
music neg 427.txt just saw the video for this while flicking . the song talks about london bridge going down and everything but the bridge is fixed , it does n't go up or down with the video showing tower bridge . so bit of a mix up there . petty maybe but just thought it should be pointed out 
music neg 963.txt i love milton nascimento 's early work ( & quot ; travessia&quot ; and & quot ; clube da esquina&quot ; ) , but this does not reach that level by far . my main objection is that it does not live up to the promise delivered by the famous names of the participants like herbie hancock , wayne shorter , pat metheny a.o. & quot ; vera cruz&quot ; is ok , but the rest is just too pretentious . just as a warning to all brazilian music lovers out there : this is certainly not a must have , apart from die hard milton fans . i would rather recommend to check out the latest releases by fellow brazilian caetano veloso ( & quot ; livro&quot ; and & quot ; prenda minha&quot ; ) , because they are really indispensable 
music neg 770.txt i like most of ac / dc 's music , but i ca n't stand their latest album stiff upper lip . stiff upper lip is the only ac / dc album where you can play it all the way through , and not even hear one good song . stiff upper lip does n't even come close to being as good as back in black or highway to hell . every song on it just bugs the heck out of me . listening to one song off this album is enough to test my patience ; but enduring all 12 of these musical abominations is enough to drive me crazy ! the overall sound is very similar to their earlier albums like highway to hell or back in black . but...those cds had variety , they were semi original , and they were actually pretty good . this cd is just completely worthless . i have heard some cra ppy cds in my lifetime , but none of them were more pain to listen to than this . the vocalist sounds about 10 times worse than he did on their earlier albums , the music is chunky , repetitive , dull , and boring , and most of the songs sound the same . stiff upper lip is so bland and dull sounding that it sounds more like the monotonous droning of an electric fan than a rock n roll band . the music is so repetitive and similar sounding that its more like listening to the same annoying song for 60 minutes than 12 separate tracks . this cd is just unbelievaby terrible . it is a disgrace to this band 's legacy , and the band members should be embarrased by it . oh well , i guess they probably only made this album because they needed to fulfill their record contract , so i guess they do n't care about how awful it is anyway . all i can tell you potential buyers is to stay as far away from this piece of garbage as possible . it is a total piece of cr ap and it is not fit to listen to . go buy a good ac / dc cd like let there be rock , high voltage , powerage , highway to hell , or back in black . stiff upper lip suc ks so hard it leaves a big purple bruise . it 's so awful i 'd rather listen to the new nickelback cd than this ! 
music neg 708.txt there are only a couple of songs i did like on this cd . i did enjoy ice cube and aaliyah , but the rest of the cd left me cold . i do think that if you can just find the two songs and pay to download them , it would have been better ! i suggest borrowing first from a friend and seeing if you actually like it first before you buy . 
music neg 806.txt some of the songs here are good , most notably " never be forgotten " .....beautiful . i heard this song on the radio and i thought it was faith hill or martina mcbride singing . herein lies the problem . the song is good , the voice is good . but if she sounds like faith or martina , there 's no distinction to set her off from the rest of the pack out there . add to this that this is mostly bubble-gum pop and not country....there 's really nothing that stands out here . why are recording companies giving contracts to people who sound like everybody else out there ? that 's the question . 
music neg 362.txt remember the days when we were punks and we 'd gather ' round the phonograph and listen to some puccini on the old edison cylinders ? they held up to 4 minutes of music ! count ' em , 4 minutes ! then that hippie opera singer enrico caruso came along and all the young punks would listen to him , including myself . he was quite the singer . when i was a young kid though , the only form of music we had were the concerts . i remember seeing franz liszt play the piano in concert , quite an amazing virtuoso , and johann strauss jr. conducting his orchestra , those were the days . then they came out with those things called grammophones , which were even more modern , if it was even possible . but it was , because then they came out with a new modified version of the phonograph that all the young punks would listen to , lazy kids . i mean , you did n't even have to crank a handle like you had to with grammophones . and what 's this , 1 hour , a full 60 minutes of music , on 1 record ? pshaw ! 4 minutes of music was all i needed , and i was still pooped out even after that . in my day , it was bed at 4 p.m. , breakfast at 2 a.m. , then off to the mines . we did n't have 60 minutes of free time . i have no idea what form of music they have now . appearently , they came out with a couple other things after the phonograph . now all i see these days are kids with their fancy eye-pods ( ? ) and mp3 , mp4 players , whatever they 're called , listening to that " hip-hop " tomfoolery of theirs . you ca n't even call it music , it 's just noise . well , gotta get ready for bed now , it 's almost 3:45 
music neg 66.txt um. i have nothing against bands that are " mainstream " . that has nothing to do with their quality of sound . ( granted , many mainstream bands are horrible , but they all deserve a chance , no ? ) dave , though , he has never impressed me . not that he 's awful , i suppose it 's okay background music...better than nothing . just oh so mediocre . i do n't understand why is he so highly praised ? voice-wise ? eh. nothing special . lyrics ? hah ! music ? umm.. . bland ? it 's all the same ! maybe i 'm missing something ? if you like one of dave 's songs , then by all means , buy this ! you can be sure your money will be spent on nearly exact replicas of that song . two stars because it 's at least music . but that 's on the high side , considering how static it is . dave will never find a place in my cd player or in my computer . 
music neg 753.txt deep lyrics man , i 'm getting a lot out of this.. . but just wait for the next record when you 'll get & quot ; hold on loosely ! & quot 
music neg 783.txt holy cow , i was ready to rip my hair out after listening to this . horrible , sophomoric , insipid.. . yuk . this is like chinese water torture . drip drip drip on and on . yaaaggghhhh 
music neg 987.txt hysteria . ** i see great polarities in the reviews of this record . i fall in the camp that sees this as a overproduced microtargeted superficial pop record designed for radio and mtv . i consider that shrewd writing & marketing . brilliance is a term i 'll reserve for led zeppelin . i tend to like my rock harder , with two arms and less cheesy . sadly , this record does n't fit the bill . for that , pete willis era def leppard suits me much better . i do n't need to give you a song breakdown by breakdown . the important factor here is what you enjoy . if you enjoy superficial 1980s mtv pop or mindblowing heavy rock - that distinction will determine your opinion here . this album is definetly the former . i 'll beg to differ with the amazon reviewer - it *does* sound dated . its a record thats signifigant for its hype . when listened for its depth . it is symbolic of the later part of the decade which it was released . prepare to be transported back to the spandex era on plopping this disc in 
music neg 967.txt great fan of the man they call ' sugar ' zucchero , but this outing is really below par . this cd consists of rerecordings of older songs , with the addition of other famous singers . did he send the original recordings to these people , en did they ad little pieces here and there ? it sounds like it ! none of the songs have gotten ' better compared to the originals . to me this cd is a total rip off intended to make easy money ( and get more attention for ' sugar ' outside of italy ? ) . do n't buy it , get ' oro ' , ' shake ' or ' blue sugar ' instead 
music neg 781.txt golijov 's music incorporates jewish , arabic , christian , afro-brazilian , and other ethnic influences ad nauseum.. . so what ? listening to this disc is like having dental work done without novocaine . only diversity nazis who want to smugly bask in their own " enlightened " weltanschauung will find much to enjoy here . golijov cunningly caters to these folks ' taste . may he ride it all the way to the bank . 
music neg 153.txt i have never been able to see what the big deal was about this band . all of their records , in general , sound exactly the same , and this one is no exception . post-velvets guitar / organ drones , lackadaisical vocals , blankly uninteresting non-lyrics ( they could have recited their grocery lists and it would have been more interesting ) , and a dramatic lack of energy ; all of yo la tengo 's trademarks are fully represented here , and if you can stay awake through it , you 're a better man / woman than i . a surpassingly boring record , even from this usually very boring band . if you 've heard the velvet underground , neu ! , stereolab 's early records , and sonic youth , you 've heard yo la tengo in total . if you 're a big enough fan of those named bands , you could probably write songs that sound like & quot ; painful . &quot ; but you would probably write better ones . avoid this like the plague unless you suffer from insomnia 
music neg 915.txt as owner of every single chill / lounge music cd i am aware of , this was the biggest dissapointment in a long time . ultra chill series 1-4 was outstanding . while ultra chill 05 is not a complete disaster , i could not find one song worthy of a 5 / 5 star rating . quite a few 4 star songs and lots of 2-3 star songs . some of the better songs were repeated on older chill discs or present on other series of lounge discs . there is a lot of jazz and latin chill on these two discs , which i also like , but the jazz / world / latin chill tracks here were repeats or nothing great . i think the person that rated this 5 stars does n't own a lot of lounge / chill and is probably a lot easier to please . i 'm very dissapointed . maybe this ' genre ' is all dried up ! : ) oh well.. . i 'm off to listen to " chillout seesions 8 " ... hopefully it will be a lot better . i highly reccomend chillout seesions by ministry of sound . chillout sessions 1-7 are outstanding.. . time to go listen to the new 8 ! 
music neg 731.txt this cd has some good songs on it , but the majority of them are less than 2 minutes ! it 's kind of a rip off since the songs are much shorter than i expected . they are mixed together , and sometimes a song is so short that the one before it is still fading out by the time the song after it has started ! if you do n't mind really short songs , buy this , but i would n't recommend it otherwise 
music neg 726.txt with the exception of " my heart will go on " by celine dion , horner 's soundtrack is not a masterpiece but a bunch of stinking skunks who are masked by a field of sweet smelling flowers . for a soundtrack score it is not riveting and really lacks any emotional connection to the film . overall it is just really overrated and the hit single got played so much that the masses just fell into a typical zombie trance and went marching to the store to buy it . this was after they kept returning to the theater to see a fictional tale of love built around a tragic , awful event . it did n't stop them though ; they could not get enough of seeing all those depictions of people freezing to death in the water . overall a below average soundtrack that road the coat tails of a hit single that was shoved down our throats for an entire year 
music neg 692.txt i respect everyone 's opinion in here , and i 've tried so hard to love this album because i love pink floyd and i see how everyone calls it a classic . but i just do not get it . i highly overrated album imo . very childlike and underdeveloped , but maybe that is its charm ? i see 2 very different pink floyds and i have to say i never got into syd 's style . matilda this , lucifer that . the gnome ? come on . astromony domine was a classic but the rest of the album is a tough listen i 'm sorry to say . i 'm sure you 'll say a true floyd fan would love this album , well maybe that 's true . but for me , when waters and gilmour were together , that is the true floyd imo . and their reign started with meddle and ended with the wall . a brilliant 6 album run ( meddle , obc , dsotm , wywh , animals , the wall ) . for serious collectors , this is a must have and i 'll give it 2 stars , but stay away if you expect another ' wish you were here ' purchase , pre-gilmour can be a tough listen . 
music neg 42.txt why is dylan taking sole credit on an album featuring a fair percentage of other peoples song writing ? shame on you bob 
music neg 256.txt bob james - the mastermind of smooth jazz . " h " , " touchdown " , " grand piano cannyon " . eternal pieces of art. brave and thoughtful new directions in jazz . we owe him a lot . but the recent releases of fourplay -including " x " - do n't meet my expectations at all : predictable , repetitive , overproduced computer-music . the typical fourplay sound squeezed out like a lemon in another cd . larrys guitar playing takes a nice direction on " tournabout " - but then the song falls back again to old routine . " screenplay " is a good one ( one of two songs that were done by bob ) . the rest , hmm.. . some nice solos constricted in predictabiltiy . do n't get me wrong , i like all of the guys . every single member of the group has done great things in the past . so - a bit more breveness , yes please 
music neg 393.txt i purchased this album because i am a fan of the last poets . upon listening to the samples provided by amazon.com , i thought i was getting an album that would contain very similar content to the last poets : some great politically charged poetry , perhaps accompanied by some funky beats . however , when i listened to the whole cd , i was disappointed to find out that the vast majority of the tracks sound the most like " get out of the ghetto blues . " if more of the tracks had the sound of the title track , this would be a five-star album , in my opinion . true , scott-heron has a lot of great social commentary throughout the album , but not in the form i had hoped for . i would take the last poets ' album " this is madness " over this particular scott-heron album 
music neg 435.txt after norah 's first two cds and the little willie 's cd i was greatly looking forward to this release . to say the least i am disappointed . i was listening to it on my commute home and had to switch to something else to keep from falling asleep . where is the range of work ? all of the songs on this cd sound very much the same and nothing really stood out to me . i 'm giving it 2 stars just because of norah 's angelic voice , otherwise i 'd have to give this one a 1 star rating 
music neg 778.txt perhaps puffy only got as far as he could riding on biggie 's legacy , but lets face it , he really has very little talent , charisma , charm and just seems so dull , he is basically a male paris hilton , going around acting like the world 's biggest d1ck ny saying " look people , i got money , arent i cool " besides biggie ( rip ) , bad boy really is not great , most of the artists are poor quality , the production is awful and no one has not even shown potetial . this album is basically not even worth printing or existing . it is just sad that many great underground rappers are not getting any attention while garbage like diddy plague are airwaves and puts his dumb face everywhere on tv . i do n't know why people like tupac , biggie , dimebag , chuck shuldiner and countless other greats are buried but this guy still breaths . so i would say in conclusion that we should do what people like chingy and d4l deserve , a 1 star rating . 
music neg 546.txt the quality of the samples is better than the quality of the recordings . 
music neg 673.txt i am wondering when this plague will be over... . and when we 'll be set free to listen to real music.. . we all are so tired of her 
music neg 89.txt this album made me realize that darn record company produces , for examle , two regular albums ; two best albums ; two tribute albums ; and finally two mixture of everything under a sounds-like-new-but-actually-an-old albums from a musician . this is an example of the mixture of previously released , re-released , at last , over-released best tracks with a sounds-like-regular album title . let me tell you one thing . jp is dead and gone since rob left the band . i doubt there will be more regular jp albums but you 'll have plenty of compilations like this coming out until you stop buying 
music neg 137.txt a lot of people are meriting ja 's credibility on all his albums because he has been able to keep his voice on the airwaves since 1998. so he released his sophomore album rule 3:36 in sept 2000 , that is one of the worst ja albums i 've heard ( not the worst , the last temptation takes that title ) . ja tries to be " gangstafied " on this album but fails terribly . starting with the first single " me & you " thinking his thug style can attract women . i have n't bought the concept in 2000 , and i 'm still not buying it six years later . or how about the flat falling track " f*** you " featuring vita and 01 ? or as many revewers have pointed out that he tries to boast his singing vocals on this album , which seriously damages his creditablity . how about the song " put it on me " before lil mo joined song . sounds wack ( er ) with out her . or how about the late barry white imitation on the song " extacy " ( and thats one of the decent tracks on this album ) . oh and remember when " between me & you " was highly antacipated that you downloaded the single on napster ? well do you remember that the origonal / demo that some of you downloaded did n't have christina millian singing the hook , but had ja singing it himself . thank god that was n't on the album . now there are some listenable tracks on this album that i would like to point out . " 6 feet " is a standout track , and is possibly the best track on this album and my personal favorite . " watching me " is another tight track , as ja spits with a load of energy within him . " i cry " and as mentioned earlier " extacy " are decent at best . other than that , most of the tracks on this album are skippable . overall , a sub medicore ja rule album . most of the 4 and 5 star reviewers are either big time ja rule fans or just in love with mainstream overrated rap ( " put it on me " [remix] ) . to me , this album is nothing else but a pop rap , falsafied thug rap album that just does n't appeal to me . i recommend this to hardcore ja rule fans if they do n't have this already . lyrics : c production : c+ guest appearances : c - musical vibes : d - favorite tracks : watching me , 6 feet , die , extacy honorable mention track : chris black ( skit 
music neg 259.txt this album is lame as hell but next to the air pollution on the airwaves today , this aint too bad thats why it gets a 2. right before female rappers ( there 's a few exceptions ) , i hate all little kid rappers . even when i was a kid . i do n't like anything on this album , i still got the tape and it has n't " krossed " my mind to even cop the cd . if you like this kind of stuff , or you loved " jump " back in the day then i guess this is for you 
music neg 957.txt please make these songs available to listen - with windowsmedia ! 
music neg 683.txt there was only one good song on the disk dont waste your mone 
music neg 306.txt remember the days when we were punks and we 'd gather ' round the phonograph and listen to some puccini on the old edison cylinders ? they held up to 4 minutes of music ! count ' em , 4 minutes ! then that hippie opera singer enrico caruso came along and all the young punks would listen to him , including myself . he was quite the singer . when i was a young kid though , the only form of music we had were the concerts . i remember seeing franz liszt play the piano in concert , quite an amazing virtuoso , and johann strauss jr. conducting his orchestra , those were the days . then they came out with those things called grammophones , which were even more modern , if it was even possible . but it was , because then they came out with a new modified version of the phonograph that all the young punks would listen to , lazy kids . i mean , you did n't even have to crank a handle like you had to with grammophones . and what 's this , 1 hour , a full 60 minutes of music , on 1 record ? pshaw ! 4 minutes of music was all i needed , and i was still pooped out even after that . in my day , it was bed at 4 p.m. , breakfast at 2 a.m. , then off to the mines . we did n't have 60 minutes of free time . i have no idea what form of music they have now . appearently , they came out with a couple other things after the phonograph . now all i see these days are kids with their fancy eye-pods ( ? ) and mp3 , mp4 players , whatever they 're called , listening to that " hip-hop " tomfoolery of theirs . you ca n't even call it music , it 's just noise . well , gotta get ready for bed now , it 's almost 3:45 
music neg 125.txt simon & amp ; garfunle wrote a lot of forgettible music ( most notably for the film the graduate , which would have been a better film without thier dated msuic ) . this cd dates very badly as all thier music does , it 's got a very limited appeal , only for diehard fans , but beware thsi music really sounds dated , i mean it 's really unlistenable 
music neg 199.txt i really liked this when it came ut on vinyl , but in retrospect , it was the cause , not the music . b . raitt is grand , g nash with an excellant cathedral , j c young , and the highlight to me we almost lost detroit by the great gil scott-heron . but the second disc is second rate . edit the filler and it rates higher 
music neg 443.txt this was o.k. nothing more nothing less . this album was hard to review , beacuse no songs really stick out . i mean the guy is a mediocre artist with mediocre rhymes , laced over just above mediocre beats . i have heard better sesame street singalongs for yappy kids in the back seat of a mini van . i mean what does the album have that sticks out ? " saturday to saturday " ? " bloody horseshoe " ? or the multi - faceted " boo , we ai n't forgot about you " none of the above , or none on the album . sorry . and please , all angry people who think that this is a bad review , remember , it 's a review . i can say what i want 
music neg 363.txt jj , the name of the song you are looking for is " like you like an arsonist " by paris texas 
music neg 388.txt generally on amazon.com , the average rating of an album does not accurately indicate its quality - that is , the albums are usually highly overrated . this is probably due to the voluntary nature of the reviews and the fact that the fans of an artist are far more likely to review their albums and give them high scores than a casual music listener giving them the score they deserve . as a result of this , generally , albums that have an average score of 4.5 - 5 stars are usually excellent albums . ones with a score of 4 are generally good and 3.5 indicates a pretty average album . average scores any lower than 3.5 stars generally indicate a pretty poor album . as i mentioned before , due to the high proportion of fans reviewing albums , the average score rarely falls below 3 stars . it takes a pretty horrendous album , like limp bizkit 's results may vary , to get a score of even 2.5. in fact , i did n't even think that it was possible for an album to get less than 2.5 - that is , until i saw this pile of feces . now to put this average score of 2 into context - this means that the proportion of " hataz " reviewing this album is even more than the proportion of fans reviewing it . out of all the terrible albums i have viewed , i have never seen this happen before . not even to bands as terrible as limp bizkit or even an*l c*nt . this obviously indicates a decline in fan numbers and , hopefully , the end of chingy 's 15 minutes of fame 
music neg 111.txt i agree with all the other reviewers .. nice quality recording for its time considering it was in the vaults for decades ..great playing from all concerned ( except the cursed drummer ) , i cannot imagine what poor jerry gemmot went through with that drummer .. he should have been dismissed immediately ..or shot ..it would have sounded better without him .. gawd ' awful .. spoils the whole dang thing .. any way .. i cannot listen to this anymore without getting uncomfortable , so it 's back to soul of a man , re-kooperation , live adventures , super session , and kooper sessions with shuggie 
music neg 836.txt fight club is without a doubt the greatest film i 've ever seen . yeah , i 'm a fanboy . and what ? and to make a great film flow , you need great music , right ? well , you need great music that fits the film , and the dust brother 's score more than does the trick . the film is dark yet satirical , and it needed a score that would compliment that . however , the score simply does n't stand up on its own . at times in the film it perfectly enhances the dark atmosphere , but its only a part of a tense scene . and hence , it sounds rather empty by itself . no matter how much you like the film or thought the music sounded good in it ( as i did ) , i would n't recommend it . like so many other scores , it could have been made into great music but fails since its just lifted from the film 
music neg 82.txt chingy is perhaps the most generic rapper in the world , he is a wack lyricist and all he ever talks about is gettin pu*sy . along with several other wack commercial rappers of recent years he tarnishes the name of hip hop , and because of retards like this non hip hop listeners dismiss the genre as cr*p and talentless ( which is not true ) . jackpot went multi platinum , which speaks volumes about the number of idiots who will buy anything with a tight beat . in fact the beats are n't all that bad , if this was an instrumental this would actually get a higher rating as i would not have to listen to his irritating voice . if you heard right thurr in a club and thought it was tight ( like i did ) , you are wrong , chingy did not produce this album so he deserves no credit for the beats . his lyrics are absolute garbage , what is sad is that a loser like this can get decent production , and some top lyricists have to work with nothing . compared to this album , his follow up powerballin bombed and with any luck it will be the last we ever hear from this loser . find him working at a mcdonalds near you soon ! ! 
music neg 614.txt something that someone who claims to be country should not do . even though these girls are already pop , remixing it to make it even more pop was a huge mistake ! then again , they have to do something to sell more cd 's ! lol ! ! 
music neg 227.txt flcl is the worst anime of all time , and possibly the worst thing to come out of japan since the pearl harbor attacks , and the soundtrack is just as bad , if not worse . its nothing more than j-pop mixed with bad japanese rock . bad guitar playing , boring drum beats , and inaudible bass ; you 've heard one pillows song , you 've heard them all . only " otakus " with no life love this s*** ( like matthew g . salisbury ) . if you want good japanese music , go for king 's evil . ps , that album cover is possibly the worst ever made 
music neg 611.txt i bought this disc hoping for pristine remastered sound and what i got was shrill noise with all the hiss sucked out . the guy who typed a review in all caps is a moron ! it 's better than an mfsl disc because the artist approved it ? yeah right ! get real ! i might need a new hi-fi if i do n't like the sound ? please ! you idiots know nothing about what good sound quality is and either does peter mew or rob caiger . thanks for nothing ! sony should be sued by people who bought this horrible disc for deceptive practices...saying that the full-length version of " roll over beethoven " was used ! what a crock ! and so what if they used the original master tapes ? using a master tape does n't mean anything if you 're going to smother it in noise processing and master it poorly ! do n't buy this disc ! hang onto the old us versions , or even better , the japanese issue . do n't give sony your money for this shambles of a product 
music neg 148.txt as for many of these kind of unknown groups , the music in the album is useless . in the meaning that this music has no use . it is not relaxing . it is not for contemplation . it is not spiritual . it is nothing but electronic esperiments that many vendors try to deliver under the name of " ambient " . but ambient music is music . this is crap . well differently from two a.d. where probably the producers realized that crap is crap and no more crap was good to be sold , because people is n't stupid . two a.d. is light years away from this crap . do n't waste your money . listen the the samples by yourself to grab what i mean . sergi 
music neg 39.txt i loved ' ' careless love ` ` and saw madeleine live here in rio de janeiro in a reasonably good show.i am quite disappointed with this album however because i had great expectations.let 's face it folks , however smoky and billiesque her voice is she is never going to have the power and the range of the original.she needs to be really close miked and well recorded to get that voice to sound right.this is obvious from seeing her live . so what were those marketing executives thinking by promoting a cd full of soft and slow ballad covers that are obviously going to turn a huge spotlight on her vocal delivery ? those songs need an ella , a sarah vaughn , or even a shirley horn -to name some giants - to have a chance of pulling it off with their huge range , timing and phrasing . to compound the problem , the recording engineers / producers did not do a great job on her voice or the rest of the band for that matter.everything is much too soft and distant ( unlike careless love ) .if you want an atmospheric but still powerful sound you must produce something like the last shirley horn cds . last but not least the rest of the good band are not allowed to play anything remotely interesting but are relegated to very minimalist backing chores . i think there is a misconception with the record excecs that m.p. has the qualities to make her a modern pop-jazz diva ala diana krall.she has to find her real voice and the correct material to match.good luck . 
music neg 264.txt the only thing you can say about today 's music is that it 's disguisting , gross , and made by recording artists who drop out of school and seem to think that a life as a rap music artists is so cool , until they get shot . every copy of this cd should be burned 
music neg 878.txt on the track , " cleo 's mood " , it sounds like something that bookert.and the mg 's , along with the mar-key horns would 've cut . it sounds like steve cropper on the guitar , and booker t.jones on the keyboards.the sax style is definately jr.it 's a soothing piece 
music neg 974.txt as you might think , i am not a die hard fan of jmj , i think that when only die hard fans rates an album , it makes you think that with such a high rating , everybody should love this album and this is not the thruth . not everybody like this king of musical experimentation , some do but some don't ...i like oxygene and equinoxe , and even after all those years , they are still good to listen too . rendez vous offers some really good moments , but we are far from the perfection as oxygene or equinoxe . rendez-vous is easier to get use to that zoolook is , but we are far from a near perfect album . that 's all 
music neg 996.txt as a gene autry fan , particularly of his christmas recordings , i was really looking forward to this release . but...what a disappointment ! i will look over the dropouts - obviously the source tapes have deteriorated - but what happened to the final three cuts ? they are so laden with noise reduction artifacts that they are barely listenable . and , i know the disc is short , but were the 2 second pauses between tracks really necessary ? talk about choppy . no flow at all . this cd did make me do one thing...go back into my archives and pull out my original grand prix vinyl . i think i 'll be doing a transfer and retire this cd to the bottom shelf . 
music neg 767.txt well , ok , mehldau 's arrangements are n't bad...he does a great version of " paranoid android " but otherwise...where 's the energy ? there 's really not a whole lot of excitement or energy in this album , and i do understand this as being a more laid back , mellowed-out album...but it is still possible to be more exciting , energetic , or emotional in this style . all three of these things are pretty much absent from this cd which ends up making it dull . :yawn 
music neg 59.txt this collection of 15 great hits of nicola di bari in spanish is missing one of his most ( if not the most ) important and popular song : & quot ; lisa de los ojos azules&quot ; . i would n't buy this cd without that song 
music neg 314.txt simply put , jay-z is incredibly overrated . i own a couple of his cds but to be honest , i never really liked him . his beats never grabbed me and his lyrics never stunned me so much that i just had to go back and listen to a specific song again . he mostly raps about drugs , money and cars . nothing special , nothing new . i 'm just being real about it , since everyone else is on his d ! ck . i think the reason he 's so respected is because he blew up right after biggie died and he was the closest thing to him at the time . granted , jay-z does use some good metaphors , but for the most part his lyrics are shallow . best tracks on this album : ca n't knock the hustle brooklyn 's finest w / biggie dead president 
music neg 1.txt i 've always held the philosophy you are what you 're entertained by . so , those who like ludacris are definitely telling on themselves about their views of life and women . and speaking of women...ludacris never met one who was n't a h-o . ludacris is the epitome of the sexual hypocrisy that plagues men : you demean and look down on women for being h-oes , yet you hope every woman is a h-o so you 'll have no problems getting laid . but then , you 're so disgusted with the fact the woman behaves too much like you , so you go and find a " nice girl " because you can respect her and marry her and procreate with her . but then you cheat on her with a " bad girl " because h-oes need h-oes ; but then you ca n't respect the " bad girl " because she 's a slut , so you go back to the " good girl . " but she 's not nasty enough for you , so then...around and around we go . women are basically being punished for men not being able to make up their minds about what the heck they want from us . he 's obsessed with sex and h-oes . it makes you wonder if he has hang-ups about it . maybe ludapis saw his mother selling herself in a backalley for a dollar and it scarred his outlook on women forever . i guess if she had actually raised him and shown him how to respect women- - all women- -then he probably could have grown up to be a respectable guy instead of the prurient dummy he is . what 's the music like ? well i 'll give him 2 stars for mentioning tlc in what 's your fantasy . that 's it . addendum : 7 / 27-07 some may wonder why i 'm " wasting ' my time giving ludacris negative reviews . well , first of all , if only people who liked the product were the only ones to review it , everything on amazon would have 5 stars , which would be an inaccurate sign of its quality . secondly , i do n't like ludacris . i would give ludacris more respect if i felt he gave my gender more respect ; but he doesn't . my diatribe above shows what my problem with him is , and i feel that argument is valid . there 's no way to critique ludacris ' music without critiquing his hypocrisy regarding women . why should i like him when he seems to have nothing but contempt for us ? i 'm biased against him because he 's biased against me . so he gets a bad rating out of s-p-i-t-e 
music neg 196.txt i purchased this album because i am a fan of the last poets . upon listening to the samples provided by amazon.com , i thought i was getting an album that would contain very similar content to the last poets : some great politically charged poetry , perhaps accompanied by some funky beats . however , when i listened to the whole cd , i was disappointed to find out that the vast majority of the tracks sound the most like " get out of the ghetto blues . " if more of the tracks had the sound of the title track , this would be a five-star album , in my opinion . true , scott-heron has a lot of great social commentary throughout the album , but not in the form i had hoped for . i would take the last poets ' album " this is madness " over this particular scott-heron album 
music neg 962.txt i like machine head a lot . many people disliked " the burning red " and called them sell-outs , but i appreciated the effort to make something different . then came " supercharger " . i have listened to it a dozen times , looking for that hook or spark that will get me to listen and love it . it never came . this is a bad cd by a great band . 
music neg 965.txt my wife got this cd for me because i like the music from the movie cast away . she saw the words & quot ; cast away&quot ; in large and prominent print . she saw the picture of tom hanks , very large . she assumed it was the soundtrack for the movie and not just the 10th track of 10 on the cd . in hindsight she should have read the entire panel on the cd . i guess the producers of this cd did n't think the rest of the music could stand on its own and so they deceptively packaged it this way figuring most people would n't waste time returning it . if you had it listed in the rate column , i would give it a negative rating instead of just the one star 
music neg 805.txt well seeing all the reviews on here and being a former fan of sugar ray along with being bored to death at work i 've decided to write my own review . i believe sugar ray had something special with the first two albums as well but as time went by they have gradually gone from ultra-hip , i just wanna drink beer and cause trouble types , to oh so sappy songs about love and how heart break sucks , nothing that has n't been told a thousand times over . when i first hearsd sugar ray back in 97 i thought their sound was revolutionary , i bought floored and liked all the tracks and soon found myself buying the first album , then the third , fourth , and fifth albums came out , the third one was alright i bought it for the songs that were n't radio friendly such as glory , personal space invader , and burning dog ; and with the release of their fourth album i bought it as well , hoping that they would get back on formula ; yes as you might of guessed i was delusional ; their music had seemed to had gotten worse as predicted.....now with the release of their fifth album , they had already lost me as a fan so therefore , i give all three of the most recent albums of theirs a 1 / 5 stars for lack of originality 
music neg 320.txt with 2 cds of endless repeated chords , they do n't have much to say 
music neg 542.txt you 'll find better works out there , particularly if you 're a miles fan . the emphasis here is on milt jackson and his vibraphone , which gives the album a light , airy feeling . missing is much of miles ' horn and sentiment . you also get a bit shortchanged with a mere 30 minutes of music . i would call this a & quot ; pleasant&quot ; album , which in my jazz-world is not a happy thing 
music neg 430.txt this album is a real let down and it pains me to say so , since i really do like the kol . the first 2 cds were catchy and they rocked . i did n't care if they were singing about groupie sex or street brawling . it did n't matter because the songs were great.but on this cd they 've opted for an experimental sound that does n't measure up . innovative is one thing but that shrill screech in charmer-what the heck is up with that ? how often do you want to listen to it ? once was enough for me . i was n't expecting the pixies here . and then there 's the reverb employed on song after song-why ? it just degenerates into white noise . there are a couple of good tracks on the dics - black thumbnail , for one . but then there are throwaway tunes like camaro , which is about as clique as you can get . that said , art is subjective , and there are obviously plenty of folks who feel compelled to give this cd glowing reviews . but i find most of it unlistenable.i can think of many cds that merit a 5 star rating ; this is definitely not one of them 
music neg 246.txt kate bush 's second album , " lionheart " , may be the weakest in her catalog . its clear bush did not want to fall into the trap of constructing " the kick inside part two " , and instead reaches in a number of different directions , some successful , some less so . musically , the album takes stabs at ballads similar to the first record ( " in search of peter pan " , " in the warm room " ) , a more pop structure ( " wow " ) , rhythmic shifts ( " do n't put your foot on the heartbrake " ) an almost shuffle ( " fullhouse " ) and a gret rock song ( " hammer horror " ) . lyrically , bush has added a level of sensuality to her work ( " symphony in blue " ) and shows no sign of shying away from controversial subjects ( " kashka from baghdad " ) . the problem is that it does n't hang together well to my mind- - admittedly , my rating for the album is in many ways relative to bush 's other work , no album with the absolutelyu amazing " kashka from baghdad " can be all that bad , and certainly " symphony in blue " is strong enough to stop you in your tracks , but the album just does n't work for me . for early bush , try her debut ( " the kick inside " ) or the stunning " never for ever " 
music neg 15.txt completely worthless ! if you liked the film , go buy the dvd because this album has no redeeming qualities . the sound quality is fair at best , even for a live album . almost every track is jammed with totally worthless ` commentary ' at the beginning or end of the song . the ` commentary ' consists of recordings of about a dozen people having random conversations over the phone and laughing for no reason . it would have been nice if they had put these ` commentaries ' on different tracks because the way they have it on this cd you have to wait through about a minute and a half of this crap to get to the song you want to hear . the worst part about the album is the lack of the fugees , which means no ` killing me softly' . sadly , you can tell that most of the artists on this album have n't played a show or practiced in a long time as they are a bit rusty and sound horrible , even for a live recording . some of them sounded almost as bad as fallout boy on snl 
music neg 365.txt bands from the 90s just sucked and nirvana fits in with that . they had a couple of ok songs and kurt cobain was some what talented but this is nothing to get excited about . i can not for the life of me see the things people see that just go off about how great they were . i do n't see it . this is another cd in a long line of cds from the 90s that are a disgrace to music . 
music neg 202.txt i cant believe there are so many positive ratings given to this sub-par testament release . testament must have taken hints from metallica and tried to attract a different audience . this is not a horrible album , but compared to any other testament album , it is easily their worst . only the die-hard testament fan , or those into commercial metal should pick this up . 
music neg 181.txt if you have children that are five years & younger , this would be a good album to put in your child 's boom box or get it in cassette for their tape player . but if your children are six and up . your better off finding the real songs and burning them if you can find these songs . this album should be saved strictly for the poor folks who wnat music for their kids but cannot afford it . this ablum would be number 1 if it were sold in rwanda , sudan or other third world nations since it could be sold for like dirt cheap . parents , if you buy this album , after your children turn 6 years old . pack this cd and other ki8dz bop cd 's and send them to africa . this is pop music for impoverished folks 
music neg 371.txt in the past , i used to distance myself from certain rock genres because of a bad first experience . i 'd be introduced to band , not like it , and claim the entire genre as being ' not for me' . the forecast , however , has changed how i feel . i , personally , love a heartfelt emo record just as much as the next guy , but only because i was introduced to jimmy eat world and spitalfield a couple of years back . those bands allowed me to embrace the entire genre as a whole , and expand my emo knowledge . imagine though , if you will , that i was new to emo . you , in theory , hand me a copy of " late night conversations " and tell me to listen . of course , i hate it , and lose any interest i may have had in the genre . to make a long story short , the only good that came out of ' late night conversations ' ( an underproduced , generic , stale piece of s**t ) was the revelation that came post-listen . never judge an entire genre by the first or second band you 're introduced to ( from said entire genre ) . not every metal band is iron maden . not every punk-pop band is blink 182. not every nu-metal band is linkin park . not every ' emo ' band is jimmy eat world . every aspect of music has it 's ups and downs , and the forecast is clearly one of the downs . now that i 've bored you with an entire rant about nothing , i 'd like you to pass on ' late night conversations' . with your help , the forecast wo n't sell another record , and , in turn , leave the scene forever . not recommended , duh 
music neg 737.txt this is not , i repeat not five stars ! in all honesty it 's more like 1.5 or 2 stars and i 'm a big fan of slug & atmosphere.albums like overcast , godlovesugly , the felt project , and the dynospectrum album is much better than this.though the lyrics are thought provoking , but slug has been better , the production does n't hold up.it 's some of the weakest i 've heard from rhymesayers.there 's only a couple tracks that stand out , but i 'd have to say " do n't ever f**king question that " is the best.if you wanna hear slug at his best check out the dynospectrum album.slug spits classic verse after classic verse 
music neg 425.txt this is the cheesiest music ever . phil collins , glenn frey , chaka khan ? are you kidding me ? these were the worst artists of the 80's . where 's u2 , rem , the pixies , x , the pretenders , tom petty , prince , springsteen , the replacements , husker du ? does anyone like rock and roll ? phil collins writes songs for disney and pixar now ! what did glenn frey know about ' smugglers blues ' ? do you think he was writing from the experience or from the heart ? these are the worst artists , songwriters and performers of the 80's . enjoy the nostalgia , but the art which is song is seriously missing on this cd . 
music neg 932.txt this will be the third time i have tried to post a review of this unacceptably bad album , and i suppose i have been too harsh , because neither of my previous efforts have been posted . lets keep this one simple . this is not music , plain and simple . i purchased this due to glowing recommendations from other reviewers on this site , and was terribly disappointed . it basically consists of massively distorted ( and detuned ) guitar and bass monotonously droning on and on for nearly an hour with no coherence , structure , or anything approximating the actual ability to play an instrument . call it performance art , experimental noise , whatever . it 's simply not music . 
music neg 916.txt amazingly this compilation has managed to get together some of the most untallented performances of brahms ' music . with a few exceptions the moto of this cd can be summed up as ' no understanding and appreciation for a musical genius' . the choice of music is also quite perfunctory . there are many brahms pieces that could have served better the bedtime purpose . buy at your own risk . my only fear is that some people will get their first impressions of brahms from this cd. . 
music neg 517.txt ...unless it is rock and roll played by ac / dc . i f***ing hate them . they are overplayed so much on the radio , and that is the most annoying voice i have ever heard in my life . do n't waste your money on this cd , just turn on the radio...then turn it off 
music neg 5.txt i 'm sorry but the guy below me does n't know music if he was slapped with a gang starr cd . this mess is ridiculous . i would n't even want to hear this garbage in the klub let alone banging in my car . they are the modern day version of young mc....here today gone tomorrow 
music neg 141.txt this album is okay not their best . a few songs are good other than that this album is fair.purcahse it with your money intelligently ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
music neg 899.txt you know the music industry is in decline when people are giving this single a perfect rating . run for cover 
music neg 779.txt it was awful ! the reproduction of the music was grainy , scratchy and virtually impossible to listen to 
music neg 634.txt think twice before purchase : 1. most of the good tracks are available on the non-copy protected " all-time top 100 tv themes " , along with the best themes from other networks . 2. this disc has cds-100 copy protection , so you probably ca n't upload to windows media and definitely not to itunes . i could not upload from my internal cd drive , only from an external multi-format cd / dvd burner . it still only uploaded to windows media , not itunes . to get into itunes , i had to add the wma files and then convert them to mp3. this probably caused some quality loss as i 'm converting one compressed format to another compressed format ! a time-consuming and tedious process which could have been avoided altogether if music companies would get over this fixation on " controlling " everything . hello record execs : if nobody can add your discs to their libraries , guess what happens ? they do n't play your music ! ! ! you might think you 're protecting your valuable investment , but you 're shooting yourself in the foot instead . here 's how it goes : 1. nobody can upload your music . 2. nobody plays your music . 3. nobody hears your music . 4. nobody recommends your music . 5. nobody buys your music . remember , this only loaded from a particular kind of drive , so it may or may not work on yours . as bela lugosi would say : bevare 
music neg 27.txt now on their sixth studio album ( and second on a major label ) carbon leaf plays it safe with the inoffensive rock / pop of " love , loss , hope , repeat . " lead vocalist barry privett has a warm , pleasant way of delivering his lyrics , and renowned producer peter collins fulfills his duties . nevertheless , the 11-song collection is most notable for its power of subtlety . in fact , it is so subtle that not one song is memorable . some lyrics are heartfelt ( " the war was in color " recounts a conversation between a grandfather and grandson , lead single " learn to fly " regretfully summons up inner strength ) but with such flat , by-the-numbers melodies these songs have little to stand on . everything sounds just fine , but nothing is endearing . every guitar strum and drum beat can be predicted ten seconds prior to its appearance , and privett , despite his appealing voice , could easily be singing one extremely long song . this project is obviously well-intentioned , but many other bands have done this before and better . these guys without a doubt have talent , but this album will soon be forgotten for good reason . next time they will hopefully carve out a more unique sound than the one on this record . 
music neg 976.txt this cd isnt real good if you like compilations than get the ruff ryders c 
music neg 565.txt it 's always good to see an artist change and try new things . back in 2003 when jewel did , it was a big deal . everyone accused her of selling out , which i think is unfair . this disc , while different , is just not what i would call jewel at her best . i found " america " somewhat enjoyable and " run 2 u " was also , but the rest of the cd did not sit well with me . i did give her a second chance and recently bought her 2006 cd , goodbye , and i must say , it 's jewel slowly regaining her musicality . also glad to here that she will be making a country cd next , it will fit her voice well . 
music neg 905.txt i knew this would n't be the sia from zero 7 's album . little did i know exactly how bad she could be without the superior talents zero 7 have behind the mixing boards . the song production is terrible . i could n't find one song i really liked on this cd . sia truly has a unique voice but it 's evident that good production can make a star out of a flashlight . still , i 'm severely disappointed , particularly because i had to pay for this cd as an import 
music neg 674.txt e40 is the worst mc i have ever heard i would rather listen to someone drag their nails down a blackboard . how on earth can someone like him get a record contract and sell records . anytime he comes on another rappers album no matter how good the beats are i always skip the track 
music neg 646.txt read the the second reveiw from the bottom that says a music fan from the east coast . the olny good song on this cd is fly 
music neg 170.txt i absolutely love charlotte church 's voice , but i could n't stand even 1 song on this cd . she 's lowered herself to a " brittany spears-wanna-be . " monotone songs , horrible bass , every song sounds the same . i am extremely disappointed in this collection of music . buy this one and you 're just wasting your money . would the real charlotte church please come back ? ? ? ? 
music neg 602.txt i 'm sorry to vent on the stylistics , certainly others are guilty of this , but $33 to get all the stylistics hits is way too expensive . sorry , love the stylistics , and the spinners too ( whose double cd anthology is around $30 too ) . why is something like lionel richie and the commodores 2cd gold $13.99 ? oh well.. . i 'll wait 
music neg 417.txt lol ! some people cant be serious these days . the lyrics on every track are straight garbage . so he failed bad lyric wise . production wise , some of the beats are pretty good , but a beat doesnt make a song good ! nor does it make horrible lyrics good ! ! so i think some tracks where he gets deep are worth the try j-kwon , but the game aint for you . i think this album is garbage 
music neg 671.txt i opend the cd filled with joy till it started ; at the beginning i thought there should be some kind of mistake but no , there were no letters . not even one word , we could n't sing at all ; we just had the letters printed in very tiny letters but no guide to sing 
music neg 236.txt i would n't know i never got my cd and its been over two month 
music neg 286.txt if you like early priest , buy genocide . it has both rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny in their entirety ( the only thing it does not have is the original album artwork ) . not leaving out important tracks like the ripper , for pete 's sake ! ! ! how could you leave out the ripper ? and what about island of domination ? i feel sorry for anyone that bought this that is unfamiliar with priest . they got jipped and did n't even know it . these are my favorite albums by priest and i hate to see them butchered like this.. . and what about the order of the songs ? why would they mess with that too ? do youself a favor and buy either genocide , or if you like to have the original artwork , buy rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny seperately 
music neg 532.txt outside of ' curious ' sung by tina cousins , this album is a dud - - at least by ' believe ' standards . most songs sound similar with the same beat . the album wo n't make your ears bleed , but the band should have quit calling itself ' 4 strings ' after the departure of vanessa . it is a very different band now , and should not tease ' believe ' fans into thinking another 4 strings album of simliar quality and vocals is being released . i would buy ' curious ' if it can be purchased separately , but would skip buying this album . if a future reviewer knows where vanessa ended up , please let me know . the mixers of the group are talented , but vanessa was the real star 
music neg 900.txt there is not enough space for me to explain why this film ( and soundtrack ) are woefully inadequate of the name dr. seuss . the fact that there are so many songs on the album screams commercialism ( what the book was complaining about , wake up people ! ) and james horner 's score which has a couple of nice moments but does n't have that seussian sound . ' where are you christmas ' is annoying beyond all reason and i mean both versions . and whose bright idea was it to have jim carrey mangle ' you 're a mean one ' ? if you 're looking for a more grinch like score , go find elfman 's nightmare before christmas 
music neg 436.txt this great underground master dj deservedly gets a release on a major record label.. . but there are too many rappers , not enough personality in the production , and obvious restraint in the sampling ( surely the result of copyright clearance issues . ) compared to z-trip 's amazing and audacious uneasy listening with dj-p and live at the future primitive with radar , this is just a bore.. . yawn.. . 
music neg 870.txt i purchased " empty " not long after it came out and it was fairly enjoyable , but eventually forgettable , pop / rock . this sophomore effort is , simply put , amatuer and sub-par . some of these sound like they would have been packaged more effectively as " empty " b-sides , while the cover of " electric avenue " never really distracts most listeners from thinking " what is this and why ? " over all , this might appeal to most christian radio listeners , but only because they will never scrutinize it for what it actually is : mold-fitting white noise 
music neg 455.txt i listened to this cd and unless you are into the whole barking dog sound of a band i did n't like this one , one bit , but than again it was also for my husband . i definitely would not recommend unless you have heard of the band and like that style of music 
music neg 273.txt i find it utterly disturbing how simple it is for a talented d.j. to round up 3 bafoons and exploit their childish and idiotic personalites all for their dirty dollar ; ripping off the kids droned and purged on the mtv feedbag , and this man paul wall probably gets under my skin more then any of them . notice his rhymes do n't descend any futher than his mouth , his car and his money . what excactly does that say to me about my life or the world around me ? does it reach artistic heights ? or is it just another jackass looking for his 15 minutes of fame ? and still people eat it up like chicken n dumplin 's on a cold winter 's day this is excactly whats very wrong with today 's hip hop , it 's all capitalizing on mindless club music artistic talent is down the toilet infinitely stay away from this awful garbage do n't let mtv rob another cen 
music neg 129.txt robin gibb has one of the most distinctive voices of the 1960s . with the bee gees or as a solo artist he has enough hits to make his own live show . however , in this live recording he chooses to recreate mostly bee gees hits on which he had a secondary role on their famous three part harmonies . thus he needs the help of another lead singer , chorus and the neue philharmonie frankfurt orchestra . but everything goes wrong here : robin 's voice remains buried among a real bulk of unmixed music ; the lead singer ( no list of credits ) is a poor substitute to barry gibb 's famous falsetto ; the female voices are not very inspired , to say the least ; while the orchestra is frequently out of tune and noisy ( the winds on juliet are really unbearable ) . post-production seems to be non-existent and the overall sound is chaotic . lines notes by experts andrew mon hughes and ann grootjans are interesting and illustrative , but they seem to belong to another album . the message from robin gibb seems to be clear : " i can do it all by myself " . well , he cannot . he should re listen to one night only ( 1998 ) and check for sound , harmonies and production 
music neg 913.txt denis leary 's whole act is stolen from bill hicks nearly word for word . save your money and search amazon for bill hicks 
music neg 792.txt once again , the geniuses at universal have failed to give fans a decent collection ! although the single disc very best of released in 2005 provided a fine and simplistic overview of robert palmer 's career , it omitted a few " must have " songs in favour of live material ( making for a 90% ok collection ) . earlier anthologies also suffered invariably from " redo " syndrome : the artist redoing a vocal track here , a drum mix there , re-recording entire songs elsewhere . this collection 's no different . in fact , there are many " remixed " and " redone " and " alternate vocal " mixes present ( something the very best of album avoided altogether , much to its credit ) . here , insult is further added to injury with poor song sequencing . indeed , the classic and sequenced " sailing shoes / hey julia / sneaking sally through the alley " trilogy that marked the beginning of palmer 's breakthrough album is present , but the songs have been scattered apart from one another . thereby pondering the question : what were they thinking ? why was this done in this manner ? what do fans really want ? a 2 disc set that features the original material ( remastered , yes , but not remixed in any way , shape or form ) and a proper chronological sequence . done in this manner , such a set would properly honour one of popdom 's most memorable and talented individuals . what gold has done showed that compilers went through a rock encyclopedia , took the right batch of songs , but mish-mashed them in a half-cobbled manner . this collection does no one any favours . stick to very best of until another bright light at universal tries their hand at compiling a decent collection . that said , the way the music biz is these days , do n't count on it . 
music neg 169.txt charlotte church had the most beautiful and captivating voice i ever heard when she debuted . i purchased all of her albums and played them to death . this cd is horrible ! her beautiful voice is no more as she makes no attempt to even use it . some of the other reviews said this release is the result of her growing up . ridiculous ! she could easily have kept the angelic voice as she grew . this is simply a tragic waste of talent 
music neg 302.txt a terrible , terrible waste of money . all this cd serves in doing is to illustrate what a knuckle-head paul godfrey is . face it : no one gives a sh@t about morcheeba anymore , we 're not interested in who ' inspired ' them , ( poor annette peacock - has anyone told her ? ) . the next time we see paul godfrey he 'll probably be asking that age-old question : & quot ; paper or plastic ? & quot 
music neg 609.txt i love this show ! that said , i do not care for this version of it . the inclusion of the word " concept " in the title means it is just that . this was , thankfully , not the final version of the show that would later spawn the hit song , " one night in bangkok " . with most broadway musicals , the musical numbers tell the basic story of the show . if you listen to the recordings of phantom , mama mia , beauty and the beast , you can discern the basic storyline of the show . listening to this particular recording of chess , though , will leave you wondering " what was that ? " the broadway arrival of chess saw a much needed reworking of the storyline and arrangement of the musical numbers . this recording seems too much like a mish-mash of songs that do n't really relate to each other . for musical fanatics ( like myself ) , i say " yes , you should have this recording in your collection " , if only to understand how much work went into the show before it opened on broadway . if you are only buying the album because of " one night in bangkok " , purchase the broadway recording instead ; you 'll be much happier with the performance by phillip casnoff rather than murray head 
music neg 518.txt ana carolina is a good singer and seu jorge is a cult culture figure here in brazil , but this cd is a mistake . do not spend money on this 
music neg 751.txt lou reed rocks ! ! ! dude ! ! but methinks this collection dost not . the tunes are all good , but there are n't very many of them , and the sound is deplorable , in that inimitable rca-first-cd-edition sort of way ( fans of the jefferson airplane and harry nilsson know what i 'm talking about ) . a much better jumping off point would be & quot ; different times : lou reed in the 70's &quot ; , or , even better , check out & quot ; transformer&quot ; or & quot ; rock ' n ' roll animal&quot ; 
music neg 892.txt this cd its just horrible , they sold only 10 , 000 copies enough to pay for their instruments lol ! there are better bands than this an example is bleeding through so i think no one cares about a re release peace out 
music neg 483.txt long studio sessions . if you want a truly incoherent album strung together in a twisted way , then this is it . if you do n't , get near the beginning or rock & roll . get some of their quality stuff . this definitely is n't it 
music neg 765.txt this cd had the makings of a great recording . the problem was telling popper where they were performing ! butch , please record another one but leave popper at home.he 's full of a lot of things , but talent is n't one of them 
music neg 237.txt i admit to being curious about rihanna 's music because like a previous poster from brooklyn stated " i was not trying to become a rihanna fan ! ! " . i was really pleasantly surprised by the quality of this disc and although rihanna is no vocal powerhouse , the songs on the disc were produced in such a way as to mask this fact and create more than a few enjoyable songs . i really loved her lead single , pon de replay and since i do n't listen to the radio , it never grew old to me because i heard it so infrequently . it 's almost an instantly classic dance track with its hypnotic beats & fun lyrics . the other standout tracks to me are : here i go again - like the island beats of the music and again , her vocals are utilized well on the track willing to wait - more of a straight r&b track with great beats that again , work well with her vocals let me - has an interesting " go-go " beat mixed with a middle eastern sound rush - again , a great dance track it 's unfortunate that her vocal skills are so slight because there are 2 ballads that although featuring very pretty music production , ultimately fail as singles because she is such a weak vocalist : the last time - rihanna attempts vocal runs that are way out of her league and now i know - although she has moments where her voice sounds pretty , this song would 've been a big hit for a stronger singer . honestly , i 'd recommend this disc to others who are curious about rihanna 's music and to those who like ashanti - ultimately they are cut from the same cloth as " artists " . they are able to produce enjoyable singles ( through the magic of protools ) but do n't do much in the way of live vocal performances 
music neg 612.txt hey , brrrrruuuuuccce ! what 's the deal ? just about every major top 40 artist has had their catalogs sonically updated except yours . why can we buy the " tracks " editions , and get glorious hdcd-encoded sound , but " town " sounds like it 's coming out an am radio ? ok , you did your best , but dubya 's back in the white house for the next four years , and kerry 's home in his underwear watching the weather channel . you should have plenty of time on your hands now.. . get busy ! let 's see some remastering ! 
music neg 593.txt unlike most other items i 've bought from amazon , i failed to read the reviews for this particular cd before purchasing . being a fan of the final fantasy series , i think i fell into a bit of the " fanboy " ( well in my case , " fangirl " i guess ) syndrome . also i did n't do my homework at all and thought this was an orchestrated recording , which it most certainly is not . i own most of the final fantasy ost 's ( and heartily endorse them for fans of the games ) and this particular cd does nothing new or compelling to the music . tracks 1-7 are pretty much carbon copies of their ost counterparts . track 8 , the opening theme of ffviii ( liberi fatali ) has a very odd synth-solo vocal mix covering what is in the original a very moving choral section . tracks 9-11 again are basically copies of the ost . track 12 , " alexandria ( vivi 's theme ) " is the only somewhat-original track , as it seems to put together several pieces from the ffix soundtrack in a medley of sorts . unless you are a rabid fan who must have everything ff , i recommend saving up and purchasing the real ost 's instead of this disc . while i do n't see non-fans flocking to purchase this disc , it might be worthwile if you 're only slightly interested in the series and want a taste . even in that event i 'd be worried this disc would turn those people off from the series entirely . pros : cheap ( i paid $6 , new ) track 12 is worth a listen cons : tracks 1-7 , 9-11 offer nothing much new or different track 8 has creepy ( in a bad way ) synth / voice mixe 
music neg 188.txt their new stuff is even worse . but this is still sexist , boring , annoying music at its worst . there are much better artists out there , so why listen to these two untalented rappers 
music neg 928.txt i wanted to give this cd as a gift to my 7 year old niece who loves the movie . i listened to it first to make sure the quality was good . i was so surprised when all i heard was music and no words . although the music is nice , i know she would not be too impressed . we had seen the movie together and we loved mr. ray 's song and wanted to know the words . it 's too bad that i 'll have to return or sell it 
music neg 526.txt who in the world called this ' 'hard rock' ' ? ! ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ? this is a bunch of self-pitying , mainstream jibberish..nothing interesting at all . i shall dub this as ' 'alternative whine'' . 
music neg 813.txt i saw the movie and liked the songs in it . i ordered the soundtrack from the movie , but it was not the soundtrack . they have a dubbed another person in on ike 's part . all the songs from the movie were not on the soundtrack and some other of tina 's were included . i feel that if it is going to be advertised as a soundtrack then it should be a true soundtrack . i was disappointed . 
music neg 993.txt when john cipollina was in the lineup and he and rhythm guitarist gary duncan were in the groove , there was no better sounding group than qms . cipollina 's talent was awe inspiring . unfortunately , one of quicksilver 's overbearing and domineering members ways led to cipollina 's departure . without cipollina , qms sounded like just another mediocre rock group , despite the talents of duncan , freiberg and elmore . i saw them at the hollywood palladium 33 years ago and can verify this.if you want to hear them at their best , buy the 1st album , happy trails , or lost gold and silver 
music neg 456.txt i was really excited when i received tone poems iii as a gift . wow , grisman and brozman ! two amazing fret men playing some wonderful vintage instruments . i could n't wait to hear some excellent acoustic bluesy slide and reso music . unfortunately , this recording comes across like sugar poured on the tongue . if you like sitting around in beach wear and listening to hawaiian strumming-which is at least half of it-this is the recording for you . ( in fairness , track 15 , " style o blues , " and track 20 , " new steal , " are wonderful . they have some drive and get-up-and-go . ) i also own tone poems i , which grisman did with flatpicker extraodinaire tony rice . that recording is also mostly a lightweight . i play mandolin and fiddle , and recognize david grisman as the world 's master with the mando . i also appreciate what he 's doing with his acoustic disc recording label . these days , however , he seems to be better off when other musicians are running the show . the recent recordings with vasser clements and old and in the gray are great . " hold on , we 're stummin ' , " with sam bush , is the best new mandolin record i 've heard . buy it and go to acoustic heaven ! for my hard-earned money , however , the tone poems cds have turned out to be an expensive set of matching drink coasters . i just know that musicians of this caliber , playing instruments of this quality , could have given us a better selection of music . 
music neg 746.txt i was very disappointed that the version of & quot ; paper roses&quot ; included on this cd is an updated and new recorded version from 1990. it is not the original 1973 classic marie recorded when she was twelve.interestingly , this new version is produced by sonny james , the original producer of the original single , that also features many of the original studio musicians . so all is not lost . still , i prefer the original hit version and am disappointed there was no indication that this cd included an updated & quot ; paper roses . &quot 
music neg 946.txt well it was an obvious path to musical collapse , she should have stopped at tidal . if i 'd been dating her for the talent she showed on her first cd i would have broken up with her over this piece of haggis . the course of the last three cd 's drew a trendline right from stardom into a melodic pit . the lyrics on extraordinary machine were not only not up to their namesake but worse than the melodies . the number of great reviews on this site only go to prove once again the masses prefer pablum in lieu of something complex and cognitive . her original cd with it 's collection of diminished and augmented chords set to deep overlays of texturing , blended with truly poetic lyrics has been replaced with a distilled musical joke . what on earth gave her the impetus to try to go ' artsy ' by experimenting with music predating the second world war i 'll never know . it 's obvious her angst is no longer producing art , rather it is being replaced with contrived resolution and the equivalent of a musical epitaph . eat it up people , it 's all about not having to think . it 's the kind of tripe that happens when someone is trying to hard to think of how to outdo their first brush stroke of genius and is confronted with musical block . judging by the news her father is ruining her life and creativity as so often is the case in todays less than feminine half of the culture . 
music neg 678.txt listening to this cd took me back to my growing-up years . i remembered all their songs i loved back then . it 's a great homecoming 
music neg 149.txt why are they butchering pac 's songs like this . i advise anyone to get the bootlegs over this album . the original ghetto gospel and loyal to the game are 2 of my favorite pac songs but the one 's on here are painful to listen to . afeni should have let dj quik , daz , and whoever else that worked with pac do this album . they should have just digitally remastered the bootlegs . this started with still i rise to until the end of time to better dayz and the quality has been going down and down and they hit rock bottom with this one . the 2 stars is 1 because it is pac and another for the song uppercut . the most obvious butcher job is black cotton where em chose a fast beat and you could tell he is trying to speed up pac 's rhyme . i hope they do better with this last album due out this year 
music neg 503.txt as far as drum and bass cds go this cd was terrible very boring and anything with clever on the cover im going to stay far away from nuff said 
music neg 643.txt pls tell me tat tis boxset is a joke ! ! ! ! classic rock - reo , romantics ... bangles ? ? ? its more like classic new wave . only thing good would be the price . pls ... who ever the a&amp ; r people are ... pls ... pls ... design something bette 
music neg 191.txt lonestar did n't really surprise me with their 2001 effort . i 'm already there and not a day goes by suffers from " amazed " syndrome . amazed 's 1999 multi-format mega success is spread all over this album , their wanting to sound like every ' 80s heavy metal band power ballad . did they listen to monster ballads 2 too much while making this album in nashville ? i 'm already there comes off as very diane warren-ish in its sappy lyrics . their wanting to be diverse as a country band is okay , but these songs do n't work for them . these songs are just complete fluff and their other songs are far better than this . 
music neg 706.txt sorry to say i 'm not a huge fan of tanghetto even after seening them play live at la viruta last month . few of the tracks are just undanceable and the music gets pretty boring after a while . i say if you want neuvo tango try narcotango or otro aires . 
music neg 291.txt my review is written here only for seekers of obscure nine inch nails songs . for a full review of the soundtrack in its entirety read elsewhere-there are many other reviews . i have all 19 halos , and exclusive and unreleased remixes and demos , and i love all of it , including the entirety of the fragile , fixed , perfect drug versions , still , further down the spiral v1 and v2 , the deluxe edition of the downward spiral , on and on , everything... . except deep . deep is truly the only nine inch nails song not worth having . painfully uninspired and recycled , musically , lyrically , and visually ( the video was an embarassment - again , the only one in a catalogue of otherwise disturbing , beautiful brilliance ) , deep is a song and phase trent himself has admitted to wishing to forget entirely . my advice : take it as a mark that he is , after all , human , but leave it here on the tomb raider soundtrack , unpaid for , for it will never show up on an official halo as burn ( originally for natural born killers ) , dead souls ( joy division cover originally for the crow ) , and the perfect drug ( originally for lost highway ) all have in time ( the former two on halo 8 de and the latter on halos 11 , 12 , and 15 in extended form ) 
music neg 366.txt etta never fails to deliver in the vocals . gutteral bombast , sweet soul , gospel , blues , the lady is a living legend . but this album , like the last album " produced " by her son , is a nightmare . chessy arrangments , tinkly bass , poor sound all around . she is a fierce mother and i 'm sure she thinks her kids know best , but there is a reason why labels pair vocalists with the right producer . should etta get the chance to work with a fresh ear at the deck , she would n't need the novelty of some of the song choices . ps - 200lbs lighter and she remains the best live performer ; blues , r / b , soul , whatever , in the world . 
music neg 126.txt he just needs to retire . screw this non-gangsta . no real g sings , they just rap , god 
music neg 588.txt released by atlantic five years after it appeared in australia , presumably to meet high demand for ac / dc 's music , this international version of " dirty deeds done dirt cheap " is a farce . once again , somebody had the rather strange ideas of altering the song sequence , and replacing both " r.i.p. ( rock in peace ) " and " jailbreak " , two of the strongest numbers in the album 's aussie version , with t.n.t. 's " rocker " and " love at first feel " , an ok , if not spectacular song . ah , and " problem child " , already featured in atlantic 's version of " let there be rock " , is also included in here . the same song in two different " official albums " . marvelous ! . oh yeah , and somebody hired hipgnosis in order to re-design the front and back covers . that was a cute detail , but the aussie version 's covers ( classic mid 70 's cartoonish artwork ) are far more appealing . who 's to blame for this rip off ? . somebody at atlantic records ? . some members of ac / dc ? . maybe both ? . who cares anyway ? . once again , now that i 've got used to the aussie album , listening back to this " product " feels worse than a hangover from consuming adulterated , low quality spirits . every enthusiastic record collector knows that both warner music and sony music are serious labels that took , and still take risks , by signing up cutting edge artists and by respecting their will . so , it seems that , with their approval of this re-issue , the surviving members of ac / dc are the ones to blame for this farce to go on , and on , and on ... if this is so ... well ... guys , we , the fans made you filthy rich . we deserve the " real deal " , available worldwide , at a " reasonable price " . i only give this " product " a 2 star rating , just because " love at first feel " remains unreleased in australia . how unusual ! . a final word about this re-issue : i do n't own it . in the words of pete townshend , i " wo n't get fooled again " . in order to get bonus material , you must go through an irritatingly cumbersome internet gimmick . if bon scott ( undisputedly the band 's most uncompromising member ever ) , was still alive , i believe things would be different . by the way , if you are interested in the real stuff , please be so kind as to read my review of " dirty deeds done dirt cheap " ( import ) . other items to be avoided : the skimpy " retrospective " ep " ' 74 jaibreak " , and " bonfire " , a rather steep box set in which at least 6 songs are repeated twice , in different versions . none of these titles include all the songs left out by the adulteration of ac / dc 's first four aussie albums 
music neg 918.txt despite all reviews posted here in this page are given 5-stars to this release , i need to be honest and explain why i am giving just one poor star . no , i am not crazy . let me explain my point-of-view , and after that you can decide if this jh album really deserves more stars . just to start , this album does not have a spinal-column that could guide the band ( ? ) or the musicians thru a solid path . there are tracks played by a duo , trio , 4tt , and sometimes a very loose quintet , and each of these tracks have a different mood , without any presence of a jazz soul , or even a real smell of jazz . maybe the intention of recording these tunes was to make a homage / tribute to mr strayhorn , or maybe a recognition for mr henderson value in the 20th century jazz history as one of the most important hard-boppers ever . but the result was very poor . if you really love joe henderson ( as i appreciate ) , try any of his albums from the 60 's ( as a band-leader or as a sideman ) , mainly those from the blue note era . in time : i gave one star , in memory of his brilliant carreer . this particular album deserve zero-star . 
music neg 101.txt after carefully researching as many rain recordings as possible on amazon and reading all reviews i had hoped i had made a good choice with this cd . unfortunately i discovered that not only is the recording looped about every 60 seconds but there is an unmistakable low frequency rumble that is very apparent listening though my 5.1 system and my bose tri-port headphones . as a recording engineer i recognize this to most likely be a truck or car passing by and passing the sound up through the microphone stands that were obviously not de-coupled from the ground . the bottom line is i hear this rumble each and everytime i start to relax and it renders the cd completely useless to me . the recording is otherwise a good one and the stereo image presented seems authentic . since nobody else has complained of this rumble , i will assume that it will only bother someone with a trained ear 
music neg 585.txt i would call this the musical equivalent of the worst of abstract art . there are those that " appreciate " unintelligable works for fear of being thought stupid if they do n't . . . just as the emporer 's subjects " ooh " ed and " ah " ed in admiration of his clothing as he paraded naked in front of them 
music neg 575.txt the cd came as promised and in the condition promised . i 'm very satisfied 
music neg 745.txt certainly this album offers very little to a fan of the ocean blue 's eariler work . the vocals and guitars sound quite different ( gone is that beautiful dreamy sound ) . and what about those awesome saxaphone and keyboard sounds that made their earlier tracks so fun ? just because steve lau is gay is no reason for the band to abandon keyboards altogether . so , anyway , what does this album offer instead ? harder sounding guitar , angrier sounding vocals , and songs that are somewhat intersting , but are lacking in any magic that would make you want to listen to them after you 've had the cd for a couple weeks . exceptions : & quot ; whenever you 're around&quot ; , and & quot ; slide&quot ; are good enough songs to standout inspite of boring production 
music neg 324.txt what a terrible excuse for music from generally excellent musicians . it sounds like espn called them asked them to put a diddy together and 10 minutes later....presto ...instant mush 
music neg 971.txt when i first saw this album i thought " heavy d....without the boyz ? ! that ca n't be a good thing . " here 's the problem with this album : heavy d took the " jiggy " route . when i heard " big daddy " for the first time , i thought it was pretty tight and that it had that heavy d feel to it . so after hearing that , i went and copped the disc . when i got home and read the liner notes , my jaw hit the floor . there was heavy d....smoking cigars , iced out , and playing the big willie role ( the popular theme for the " jiggy " crowd in ' 97 ) . at that point , i realized that original mcs were quickly becoming extinct . after years of success with his group , heavy d had jumped the fence while simultaneously alienating his fan base all at the same time . that might not have been such a bad thing had this album been at least somewhat decent . there are about three tracks on the entire album that are even worth a listen . there 's a lot of lazy and predictable production ( we 're talking obscene amounts of beat jacking ) . on " i 'll do anything " heavy d and tony dofat completely jacked hall & oates for their tune " i ca n't go for that ( no can do ) " and it only gets worse throughout the album ( i wo n't even get into how the gap band 's " yearnin ' for your love " was abused on " keep it comin ' " ) . there are n't enough good songs on this album to make heavy 's change of heart seem very believable . avoid this album y'all . it 's not completely terrible , but it comes dangerously close . there are songs that border on wack and there are songs that are completely wack . sadly enough , this can be said for the majority of the songs on this album . i was very disappointed in heavy d and lost a little respect for him after hearing this . i can only reccomend buying this if you can find it used for less than $3.00. otherwise , avoid at all costs . standout tracks : big daddy ( my favorite ) and " you can get it " feat . the lost boyz & soul for rea 
music neg 716.txt the songs are boring , the lyrics are plain . i am so dissapointed . i bought it without listening to it first thinking i would at least find one song . how wrong was i to find out that not even one track speaks to me . andrea 's solo album sucked . now this ! i think their creative days are over and if i see them in concert again , i hope i am not tortured with the music from this new album . instead i hope they play the oldies but goodies that characterize them as the band i love so muc 
music neg 262.txt do n't get me wrong with the 2 stars some songs here are really good . traffic ur adagio for strings nyana those songs are just great and the best off the album . but songs like walking on clouds sweet misery love comes again forever today can only be enjoyed so little times but they are good though . no song here is annoying in the beginning and i see a lot of 5 stars and either they are just suckers for dj tiesto or they wrote the review as soon as they got it . cause after months of having this you will see yourself skipping to songs just to hear the good stuff . dj tiesto shows he does a good job working with vocals but for a number 1 dj i expect to be hearing his stuff for a long time before getting annoying verdict : 2.8 out of 5.0 not bad for the first 20 listens but damn i could have enjoyed it much more 
music neg 390.txt there are only two artists ' music that i will purchase not having heard one note of the cd . those two artists are barbra streisand and linda eder . " songs of judy garland " was a huge disappointment . i was surprised at the cd cover . i do n't know what " look " ms. eder was shooting for but she missed the mark . instead of coming off as 10 years younger , she has been transformed to the point of being unrecognizable . she looks both spooky and a little like a petulant child . ms. eder has always been a very attractive woman and definitely did not need this kind of " makeover " . and the music...i tried so many times to like it . but the more i listended the more i realized i was listening to " liza minnelli " singing her mother 's music . i did not hear linda eder . i 'm begging you ms. eder , go back to what works . i 'm sorry...this does n't 
music neg 356.txt dis gy is da kying of da south ! ! ! give me a f***ing break . when are we going to stop seeing crappy rapper after even crappier rappers that are so full of themselves that they feel the need to plasture their faces all over every one of their crappy unintelligent so called albums ! ! nothing descent to say at all , just a bunch of mindless [...]. i bet you they do n't even like music , they just want to be a " celebrity " and be rich for 3 years ( till their broke ) . if they really did geniunly like music , it would n't sound that sh**y ! ! ! ! get over yourselves ! ! ! 
music neg 801.txt the remix is totally devoid of any taste:first the vocals are completely-off ; the mix levels of vocals is far lower than the new musical dressings . secondly , there is absolutely no respect on part of the " mixing djs " for the great vocalists:there is no melody and absolutely no ' jelling-together ' of the music with the vocals . i was deeply disappointed with this cd.if you are into remixes get the rod stewart " do ya think i am sexy " single cd instead 
music neg 921.txt an absolutely lackluster effort from some very talented musicians . i gotta say , i could have used a little more cowbell 
music neg 732.txt i bought this cd for one song , & quot ; walk away&quot ; which was one of their best known songs . i was hoping since that particular song was so good that maybe the album would harbor a few more gems . there wasn't . the rest of the album is like an anti-climax . i would suggest a greatest hits instead . if you see this cd just turn your pretty head and walk away 
music neg 3.txt tihs album is not all that good when it came out in still not good till this day . i like all his other albums better i do n't know why he decided to release this crap.but the only song i really like is hip hip qurtables 
music neg 735.txt i agree with " music fan " about this cd . eden is a good album , and she 's a good artist . but either this album was poorly produced or something , because this does not show her best . i would n't classify this as world music at all , because the instruments are n't used and it 's more classical pop ; if that 's a genre . it seemed rambly to me with many of the songs sounding similar and lacking originality . i love her , she 's unique in her genre . but she really shines as a classicist , with classics , her work by andrew lloyd webber ( who she married ) and operatic albums . this is what she 's best at , so her collaborations on eden and la luna , which are classical in nature but still allowed her to branch out musically , turned out good . i have a lot of her albums , but i would n't buy this one . it 's more something to listen to once . a few of the songs are good , the album is n't terrible , but it 's not very good 
music neg 944.txt right the people i work with love this band and album so really i was pressured into buying this album..so i bought and i thought i was going to be blown away due to the hype from my friends but in reality this sucks more than the mudvayne album i 've just reviewed terrible distorted guitars bad production off key singing , half baked lyrics the only good thing is the cover and maybe one of the singles are vaguely average apart from that the rest sucks...do n't be fooled by the hype by the press this band sucks so will babyshamble 
music neg 534.txt i am a br5-49 aficionado from the early days at robert 's when the band played for tips and usually played requests until 2am with little or no breaks . admittedly , i long for those days as much as i long for stirrups in major league baseball . so i 'm nostalgic , " it 's a free country . " it is also legal for a band to evolve and morph in any which way it feels . yet , whenever i read a review in some fishwrap publication that states that a band has " matured , " i can do nothing but cringe . here 's the flowchart : band starts out - band plays hard - band gets cult following - band gets reputation - band strikes out on road - band gets contract - band gets a little more pub . - band gets contract with bigger label - band gets new management supplied by label - band gets " coached " in next recording - band changes faces along the way - band changes label again - band gets new direction from new label - band fights for identity - band produces new " mature " album - band gets lost as cult finds new local acts beginning this process . gee , i sure hope this is n't how the end of br5-49 comes about , but enough of the doom and gloom of impending implosion . this record is ok . of course , i realize that any band ca n't just re-hash the same ' ol stuff on every album , but part of what got these guys so much early attention was the raw exhuberance they displayed both live and on the vinyl . one part of this was their ability to do cover songs usually better than the originals , and a simple taste of this is what i sorely miss in the last few recordings . this band live used to be a wild , jittery , moving organism on stage , and although they are still a solid live show ( saw them on the last tour at poor david 's pub in dallas ) , something has settled down . chuck is a great talent , but an early appeal of the band was the vocal volley of chuck and gary bennett . ok , i 'll go cry me a river , but dammit , just go listen to the big backyard beat show one more time . mature ? i just do n't want to grow up that bad 
music neg 100.txt gnr were a very overrated band . i found appetite for destruction very dull . this atleast has the band 's 3 great songs in november rain , civil war , and live and let die . get this for 3 great songs but stay away from gnrs other crappy songs and albums ! ! they are not metal ! 
music neg 74.txt this was not as good as i had hoped and half of it is too slow to listen to while i am working out but the rest is good . 
music neg 292.txt it 's sad that people can get a record deal for beinga good kareoke singer . yeah , maybe my fish can get a record deal : they " sing " in tone , can breath , but refue to lip-synch ( i know it sounds gay ) . this is just sad because bands that play their own instruments , write their own songs , and perform their own songs can pretty much get almost no attention . let 's take the band king 's x : doug pinnick ( vocals / bass ) is an amazing metal singer who can sing in perfect pitch and writes good lyrics about god ( king 's x is a christian band ) ; ty tabor ( guitar / vocals ) has some of the bestguitar solos you probably do n't know ; and jerry gaskill ( drums / vocals ) has some pretty complicated rhythm patterns...yet only like a few dozen people ( i know a lot more people than that like kx ; i 'm just exagerating ) seem to like this band . it 's sad . if you want good music , listen to the band i just menioned ( king 's x if you were n't paying attention ) . ( if amazon does n't post this i will seriously get poed ! 
music neg 973.txt ( it ? ) i have many of david and japan 's albums , but this thinly composed album is repetitive , boring and annoying . i think there were some hidden tracks too , but i just wanted the album to be over . you are better off with " dead bees on a cake " , " secrets of the beehive " or any bee related titled album of his 
music neg 96.txt i am a huge fan of btnh , but even i will admitt this is not a good album . the worst being " home " which uses samples from phil collins . the whole thing feels kind of empty , with very little of the passion that you would hear on the groups earlier works . there are a few songs worth listening to . most notably is " clevland is the city " which is one of the only songs that still sounds like it has any " harmony " to it . other songs worth mentioning are " what about us " , " not my baby " and " pump , pump " , the rest of the album in my opinion is garbage . it is not surprising that the group broke up shortly after this album was released 
music neg 295.txt even as a joke , this would be horrible ; however , i think this band take it seriously - and it blows ! i picked up this cd because i heard a.r.e. were like a combination of suicide , front 242 , and iron maiden : interesting . no ! ! a.r.e. are a bad imitation of front 242 and watered-down liars at best . the guitar riffs are awful and the lyrics are even worse . example : " hey world " begins with how much it sucks to be 13. when i saw pelican in concert , they were opening ( ? ! ? ! ? ) for a.r.e. , so i decided to give them a second chance . the sound guy must not have liked what he heard , because the bar chatter was louder . " louder " i yelled , so that i might find something redeeming in their music . " yeah , suck louder ! " someone else yelled - i had to agree & give him a high-five . maybe i would have liked this when i was 12 and did n't know any better . zero stars 
music neg 114.txt and he 's a super-talented drummer . the day the foos release a best-of compilation i 'll probably pick it up . otherwise , i 'm sad to say that the average foo fighters album cut just does n't cut it for me . all of the songs on there is nothing left to lose are mediocre , run-of-the mill " alternative " rock . only " stacked actors " has some real songwriting substance and it does have some swagger and bite , but to be perfectly honest , it still is n't a huge turn-on in my book . " learn to fly , " the other track that got some airplay on alt-rock radio , may as well have been written by the outfield or some other average rock band along those lines . i almost gave this album two stars , but unfortunately i think that rating would be just too generous . foo fighters have made some really good songs , like " everlong . " but i honestly do n't think they 'd be nearly as big if grohl had n't drummed for one of the most highly revered and charismatic bands of all time , nirvana . elsewhere , their fantastic cover versions such as gary numan 's " down in the park " and prince 's " darling nikki " suggest they are great rockers but less great in the songwriting department 
music neg 116.txt i was hoping to hear the rockin ' spanish flavor of the robert rodriguez band chingon , but what the hell is this ? ! ! ! the amazon recomendations lead me to this album , and hinde sight i should have read a little more before buying , but i was too excited to hear more of the rodriguez chingon . i hope this helps you 
music neg 379.txt well , i like the song " i shall believe " and that 's why i purchased this album , but it would have been better to buy just the single 
music neg 413.txt hey ! never liked ja fool ! he is and will always be over ! where is he ? ? ? ? ? ? ? like i care ! any way ! ! ! ! 50 has sold 16 million+ cd 's and ja fool had the nerve to say 50 do n't sell ! ! ha ! ! ! ! ! ! ja fool ! ! ! greatest hits ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! nuff said ! over ja fool rule ! ! 
music neg 452.txt first off that has to be the worst rhyme i 've ever heard in my life.. . andre nickatina ( in the rapping world ) is one of the worst i 've ever heard , but if you 're into dope beats and his style in flowing with them ( reminds me of someone on the ocean just being carried by waves , paddling every which way to stay with them ) , and what i mean by that is he tries to keep up with the pace and the beat and says ( what feels like ) every single thing that pops into his head from coke to what he had for dinner that night . but overall , " if you ca n't dig it like its shovelled man i guess you ai n't able " summs this and the rest of the nickatina c.d.s up 
music neg 766.txt about half the songs are great old songs i 'm familiar with , the other half are songs made famous by other artists and most are clangers for elvis that are painful to listen to 
music neg 604.txt as a peripheral bnl fan , i have always admired the off beat sense of humor these guys dish out . with previous releases , i have been able to discover new things in repeated listenings . this cd got stale fast . seems to be geared to the tween crowd . i am hopeful newer releases will stay true to the bnl i have enjoyed in years past 
music neg 1000.txt not his best stuff . he 's running short of lyrical ideas , he recycles his own lines , like star wars recycles " i have a bad feeling about this " . beats are usually cool , i do n't care for the popish tracks with the singing . i did n't mind it so much when he sang really bad back on his first album , but now it 's no longer funny , it sounds like pop . anyhow , organized religion is crap . i thought krs understood this back in the day . what happened ? now he 's got his own little organization and his own little phylosophy , and his only little diciples and crap , i dunno , it 's posative , but then again it 's gay like some of his modern tracks . anyhow it is cheap , if you have to finish off your collection as i do , then buy it , otherwise go buy his anything boombap on back . or check out : kool keith el-p gang starr mr. lif jedi miind tricks public enemy non phixion sir menelik most of which is better than krs ' latest works 
music neg 255.txt look i really despise bush . he 's an idiot . and i know people are gonna have different opinions on that . but what i wish wouldnt happen is people giving this 5 stars cause its against bush and they agree . seriously the music is really not good . however if you do buy it make sure you watch the dvd eh ? its got a great will farrel skit on it . 2 stars for that and the few decent songs on here ( ie no w by the ministry ) thats all 
music neg 707.txt after discovering and loving the sound of gotan project i was shopping around for groups with a similar sound . i stumbled along emigrante and upon reading the other reviews written on this site about this cd , i thought i had found another gem . boy was i wrong . the first track drew me in and left me spellbound , unfortunately , it was all downhill after that . i was listening to the cd for the first time in my car and forgot it was even on . the rest of the songs were so uninspiring , the music soon became nothing more than meaningless background noise 
music neg 109.txt i did not like this cd at all . there was not even one song that i liked . however , given the positive result the cd received , it may just have been my personal taste . i also got her new cds , and did not like those eithe 
music neg 815.txt yo nu-mixx sux i hate when people make cd 's like this to make some money off of great artist like pac . this cd is disrespecting pac and nobody should get this if your a pac fan . they take great songs and make crappy beats . get this if you want to support pac haters or waste your money 
music neg 752.txt if you need an experience of pure meaningless noise , this one 's for you . however , dont expect it to change your life much . the price listed above for the album is a very good example of the old cliche , " you get what you pay for . 
music neg 201.txt the movie was bad and unreal and so was the soundtrack , spend your money elsewher 
music neg 339.txt mississippi and sugar baby are great songs , up there with the best dylan has done . however , the rest of the album , while listenable , is n't all that memorable . still , i suppose it 's amazing that he can still produce a couple of great songs still , after over 40 years performing and recording . the same cannot be said for ' 60s peers like paul mccartney or the stones . overall , time out of mind was better , although that too was a little overrated , with only not dark yet , standing in the doorway and trying to get to heaven truly belonging to the canon of great bob songs . 
music neg 10.txt it is beyond me that a record label would put this out . it 's so embarassing how bad he rips bright eyes from song structure , subject the production and even the cover art looks just like fevers and mirrors . 
music neg 644.txt whomever decided on putting this box set together must have been smoking crack . since when did 8675309 / jenny become a classic rock hit ? are you kidding me....come on ! no hendrix , floyd , zeppelin . classic rock my arse 
music neg 322.txt this is the perfect example of why black women and women in general are disrespected . lil kim is teaching generations of women to be nasty as you can be and to disrespect yourself . then to top all of this off she is still hanging on the coat tails of biggie , the ultra fantasy gangsta rapper . queen latifah never had to talk like this to get her name out or to make good music . this is ridiculous ! kim would be better off in a porn movie than in the rap game . please please please spare us and stop rapping 
music neg 389.txt it 's loud . you ca n't hear the lyrics nor the words . just a lot of loud noise . great if you want to damage your hearing 
music neg 423.txt following 2002 's self-produced and underrated under rug swept , morissette returns in 2004 with so-called chaos . with this release , morissette has done a complete makeover of her look with a serious haircut and sporting a look of casual glamour like she 's aspiring to take hollywood by strom but is n't 100% sure . maybe the new look and image might have worked if morissette 's makeover in sound was good enough to go with it-but it 's not . this cd starts out good with the opening cut " eight easy steps , " a fast-paced rockin ' tune with alanis at the wheel of leadership but also ready to bust her own chops at the same moment . " out is through " follows and also stands out , but then so-called chaos begins to turn problematic by not having an edge . and morissette should never have brought john shanks or tim thorney ( or both ) on board for assistance because she was left with bland arrangements behind many of the tracks . " doth i protest too much " is without a doubt the worst song alanis has ever recorded . the title song attempts for a gritty and gutsy feel but even that attempt becomes overshadowed by morissette 's lyrics ( yes , not her best work ) when she refers to heartburn , headaches , and breached contracts as primary results of a chaotic lifestyle . the tracks continue with " all of me , " and " this grudge , " both rather dull , while the closing track " everything " was a weak choice for the first single . morissette has always been a progressive artist , but so-called chaos does n't measure up to any of its predecessors , and may leave many fans longing to see the girl with the jagged heart still spinning with her free-flowing locks firmly in place . 
music neg 316.txt i just sold this back through amazon , i was so disapointed with it . it 's an all cover record , and while greg duhli does add an interesting twist to the covers , all of the music feels too subdued , too flat . duhli is lacking the usual passion he brought to the whigs and the first twilight singers recording . 
music neg 985.txt ok - let me preface my comments by justifying the 2-star rating...it 's rodney dangerfield - he was a class act . as for the cd : if you 're looking for a few songs by a comedian accompanied by someone 's cheesy clavinova , then this cd is for you . i bought this because of the last track , " rappin ' rodney " , and boy was i disappointed . it sounds like it was recorded from an old worn out cassette . do yourself a favor - get all of rodney 's dvd 's with his standup material and remember him for what he was - a comedy legend 
music neg 130.txt presumably the label is trying to cater to mid-range fans who have a prince album or two but do n't want to buy them all and who want more than a single disc hits collection . the way this is laid out though is confusing at best : disc 1 seems to be for the mid-range fan and it makes sense that they would choose the single edits though some of those chosen are questionable . ( " my name is prince " ? his take on " nothing compares 2 u " when sinead o'connor 's is definitive ? ) disc 2 compiles 12 " mixes and remixes and similar rarities..i.e . for the diehard only who has to have every little bleat his purpleness every records . bottom line : this is haphazardly thrown together . middle range fans are better off with the hits / the b-sides which compiles his biggest chart stuff with a pretty decent selection of interesting flip side material ( some of which equals his singles ) 
music neg 45.txt ok , booty rap was good in the 90 's , when it was offensive and raunchy like , 2 live crew , disco rick and the dogs , poison clan etc.....but this is just wack weak lyrics , corny typical krunk beats that start all sounding the same....and is it just me are these guys as rappers , just horrible there voices all raspy , and annoying and one the guy 's from the groups always does that annoying shout thing in interviews like hahhhhherrrrrr.... . ( what is he on crack or something ) so if you like radio friendly , pretty boy music then the ying yang twins are for you peace.. . 
music neg 257.txt it is bad ! as much as i like " 10 new songs " , this one disappointed me a lot . 
music neg 378.txt of every band / group , there is always the weak link , tony yayo proves that he is the one with thoughts of a predicate felon . many of the songs are not produced by dr. dre ( one of the few things that g-unit has going for them ) resulting in " greasy " and bad beats . tony yayo cant seem to trun his mouth away from drug trafficing , being locked up in prison , hoes , ect . he lyrics are n't all that great either , making him have the worst voice in g-unit as well . he sounds almost as if he is my grandfather - maybe as a result of getting locked up . the few pluses on the album are " drama setter " feat . eminem and obie trice followed by eminem 's constant adreniline rushing sound and beats ( even though he only is apart of the chorus-a big mistake ) as well as " g-s**t " . my advice , download these two songs - this cd is n't worth $14.00 
music neg 505.txt after a very disappointing viewing of harry 's only you concert dvd , i got smart and borrowed only you cd from the library . i 'd hoped that concert was just one off . how sad , this cd is no better than that wretched concert . slooooooooooooooow from the start to finish . and what happened to harry 's voice and phrasing ? god , unbearable . when harry met sally , come by me , what happened to you , harry 
music neg 514.txt i bought this based on reviews of " bass queen in the mix . " to me it sounds like the west coast edition of northern exposure without the 4 / 4 house beat . in other words , its very electronic sounding , almost completely non-vocal and not very funky at all . i listened to " eargasm " by plump dj 's and icey 's " funky breaks " after this and it 's definitely missing variety , skill in mixing and that " neck snapping " funky quality that make the plumps and icey so indispensible . not too bad but not that interesting either . i prefer her " mixtress " and still have not heard " bass queen.. . " btw , my speakers are flat down to below 30 hz and i did n't find the recording quality or the bass that impressive . listen to crystal method 's " phd " or " block rockin ' beats " by chemical brothers after this to see what i mean 
music neg 147.txt ..and what 's the point ? all of these songs ( minus a few ) are on the anthology , along with countless others . the beastie boys did n't put this out , their record label did . it 's just way for corporate to make money . if you consider yourself a real beastie boys fan , that is you 're interested in all the other music they made that was n't put on radio , then do n't buy this . if you occasionally heard them on the radio and fight for your right is your favorite song , then go ahead . the beastie boys are much more than just their greatest hits . to fully appreciate them , you have to listen to an album all the way through . 
music neg 807.txt i ca n't believe the touch of b.b. king . i enjoy his playing immensely . i know this album gets buried in accolades . but i do n't like it . the quality is poor and , differing from other 's opinions , the crowd noise takes away from the music . b.b. said , in so many words , that live at the regal was far from his choice as his best recording . typically , he said he would n't argue with success- -and left it at that . there are so many good albums by b.b. you ca n't go wrong for $4.65 for the " ultimate collection " . sure it does n't have them all- -but it has quite a few of his great songs , including a few from live at the regal . i would steer clear of this selection . or i 'll send you mine for free 
music neg 460.txt this is no saw 85-92 as some people compare it to . oh , no . this is a largely unfulfilling listen . the tracks all sound too similar . i realize richard 's concept was to just utilize anlaog gear , but the drum programming and harmonic " development " is lackluster . only track worth burping over is the last one.. . xmd something . has he been taking piano lessons since druqks ? for those that want some new electronic music that packs a punch , check out nick forte 's new release " young man 's disease " which is better than anything else i 've heard this year . 
music neg 845.txt looking at the liner photos makes clear that falkner is the prettiest thing this side of n sync ( and does n't he know it , especially in the shot of him being served what appears to be a large dose of johnnie walker black by a leggy bunny flight attendant ) . which raises the question : is this the recond a boy band member would turn out if he got the idea he was an artist ? not to put too fine an edge on it , let 's say bluntly that this is a vanity project by a middling talent . falkner does everything on the cd and my reaction is so what ? his voice is mediocre ; his lyrics are banal ( & quot ; life can be just like a painting full of wonderful strangeness&quot ; ) or precious ( & quot ; suspended on this stage of grace i have to remember this sound&quot ; ) ; the layers of sound he tracks down are just that - - layers of sound , with a disspiriting sameness song after song . give him two stars simply because he can do all the stuff on the record , but this guy needs to become a whole lot less full of himself and to spend a year or two listening to , say , chrissie hynde and john hiatt cds . we 'll let him come back then and try to write and play some adult love songs 
music neg 299.txt not particularly musical ; only 1 good track ( blues for miles ) .. 
music neg 757.txt let me tell you , shayne ward is just one of those pop singers who only go by looks , if he looked like shrek he would not be anywhere today , face it girls your only buying this because you fancy him . look at justin timberlake , where is he today , they go and move on , and thats what shayne will do except alot faster . this song is so rubbish , the thing i hate so much is that he did n't even write this ! so its not his own material , and let me take you in on a little secret he does not care about this song , its not like these lyrics mean anything to him , as he did not write . and on " no promises " thats even worse than this , yes he might of wrote it i do n't know , but does the song have depth , or is it just a plain old expected pop song . by the way it 's the second one . shayne ward has no protential , neather does anyone who comes of x factor , its all just one big [... 
music neg 31.txt i think india is one of the most talented artists today . her voice is sensational . sadly , as with many great artists today , this album feels more producer / market-driven rather than artist-driven . i understand that regaetton is popular right now . i would even understand including a few reggaeton-flavored songs to " keep up with the times " ( shakira 's " la tortura " comes to mind ) . but who mixes two genres within a single song ? ! ? " soy differente " flows perfectly as a salsa , until regaetton beats come in . the style feels very out-of-place in this song , as in most other songs in this album . maybe this kind of thing will work at a club , but not for extended listening . in my opinion , the producers are making this album more marketable while stiffling india 's own style . i hope she will regain contol by the next album 
music neg 595.txt i bought 4 of their cd 's from amazon after hearing the song " bad days " in a batman movie . this cd is the worst of the 4 i bought . not one good song . totally lame . i 'm not even going to stick someone else with it . i 'm just going to throw it out 
music neg 364.txt i just finished seeing the movie and loved the song at the end and immediately started looking up amazon for this song . thanks to melania for pointing out the song title at the end . i realize this cd is just a soundtrack , but typically most soundtracks also include the ending songs . it is just plain dumb not to include the best music in this cd . my vote - do not buy this cd . the soundtrack is all pretty generic stuff . but get the ending title song if you can - it 's great . 
music neg 960.txt from the twang of his guitar to the cowboy hat perched on his head , george strait is totally and completely revolting . i mean , for goodness sake the man 's like 100 years old ! how much longer is it going to take for everyone to realize that ? if you like this kind of music , please go to charter before you 're beyond help . take this as a warning-do n't buy the cd 
music neg 168.txt dull and uninspiring , listening to this cd i could n't see what distinguished the doves from the other insipid sound-a-like bands that plague the modern music scene . if you like the white stripes , franz ferdinand , arctic monkeys , the killers then be grateful that they 've saved rock music from boring dross like this 
music neg 183.txt first of all , i am a fan of madonna 's music ( not all of it , but a lot of it ) as well as a huge abba fan . now i realize that sampling has been very successful for many artists.. . and apparently it is here as well , but why ca n't these producers make something more intriguing or dynamic ? gimme gimme gimme ( the abba song that is sampled here ) is a fairly simple song to begin with ( as many abba songs are ) but the complicated arrangements ( both vocally and instrumentally ) are what made abba 's songs interesting and fun to listen to . but taking a few bars of the original song , repeating it over and over and over , adding a dance beat , various other musical effects and a new melody does not add up to a pop masterpiece . i think she would 've been better off either following a similar chord progression to gimme gimme gimme or just doing a cover.. . perhaps benny and bjrn should 've stuck to their strict " no sampling " rule here ! for some reason many of today 's dance / pop songs get too caught up in the production and lack any real substance.. . a good example of a radio-friendly dance / pop song with a somewhat complicated chord structure is acoustic alchemy 's " so kylie " on their american / english album ( the song sounds simple enough but if you really listen to what 's going on , you 'll notice subtle chord changes and a really nice progression ) . now i 'm not going to say " hung up " is a terrible song , because everyone has their own taste . but i 'm sorry to say it just does n't do anything for me. . 
music neg 756.txt this is simply a transfer of the lp master done when cds were just getting started . the quality is inferior to other collections and the selection is weaker . go for the collectables twofer instead . much better sound and more cuts 
music neg 229.txt i just want to slap who ever keeps coming out with these.hard.okay , there are some song that deserve this.to be ruined by off key 10-year-olds with annoying high squeaky voices.but come on ! they killed ' my immortal ' ! that is a beautiful song ! i 'm listning to it as i write this ! and also , little 6-year-olds cannot properly appreciate it ! and , let 's face it , ' my immortal ' is not exactly a kiddie song.i mean , do you want your little 4-year-old boy listning to ' your face it haunts my once pleasant dreams , your voice it chased away all the sanity in me , these wounds wo n't seem to heal , this pain is just too real , there 's just too much that time cannot erase ' ? please , stop buying this crap ! not only do they ruin the great songs of our generation , but they also put on some really innapropriate songs.i mean , come on ! go look up the lyrics to ' toxic ' ! that is definatly not a good song for little children . of corse , the only reason any child would like this is because their older sibling listens to it.then someone should sit them down and explain why this is not for them . die kidz bop 
music neg 743.txt i really ca n't understand why all the reviewers are going crazy over this record . first off , i bought it without hearing anything by them before , but it had been highly recomended to people who like tool and mars volta by amazon ! ! they coul n't have been any more wrong . so , why did i personally find this so painfull ? well , the whole thing in general is quite painfull . first off , the musicians . the whole band sound like studio musicians . no obvious indivuality or anything new to offer . then we get to the vocals . the closest thing i can compare them to are alison moyet or anthony and the johnsons . i do n't mind anthony and the johnsons , but this guys vocals and the music just do n't rock . which is fine . it 's ok not to rock ! but why the hell , being a tool fan and mars volta fan , was i recomended this ? it 's bland , it 's week , and the dubby bass , boring guitar playing / sound.. . weak vocals. . actually , forget it . the whole package . it is just lame 
music neg 220.txt i liked the santana - steven tyler song / video . since i found out about the sneaky root kit this software installs and the idea of no free use of something i buy within reasonable means - i wont buy the cd . want to make sure that sony loses money in this effort - will teach them a lesson . i have been burned by sony 's proprietary [...] before on other items , so i will stay away . 
music neg 373.txt ashlee 's recent face lift and apparent nose job is proof that 's she 's all plastic and no talent . she must of asked the dr to make her look like her sister . very sad cause she 's unrecognizable now . better looking , maybe , still ca n't sing or dance . 
music neg 115.txt this is a pep rally on cd ; an unsingable , emotionally charged pep rally . it really upsets me that this is the face of today 's christian music . the melodies are not easily singable at all , and the songs use all the same musical cliches . this is worship manipulation at it 's best . if you read the words to learn something concrete about god , you will find nothing of substance . they talk about actions to give god and our response to god , but no meat-and-potatoes of why we should be doing this . god is great , but why ? this is very disturbing , and completely unacceptable for congregational worship . 
music neg 749.txt i ca n't believe none of the other reviews of the ultra lounge series state that these cd 's contain almost all instrumental music , with very few songs that feature vocals . i expect a lounge music cd to have a mix of both vocal and instrumental tracks , and of the four ultra lounge cd 's i purchased , i count only three songs with vocals on all four of them . while the instrumental songs do fit the genre of lounge music , they tend to blend into one another and become mundane after hearing several of them . the titles of the ultra lounge cd 's ( such as bachelor pad or bossanova ) mean very little , as each cd fails to distinguish itself from any other because of all of the instrumental tracks . the best lounge cd i have heard so far is from an unlikely source . i purchased it at pottery barn , and it has a great mix of vocal and instrumental songs . keep this in mind when buying lounge music cd 's so that you wo n't be disappointed the way i was with the ultra lounge series 
music neg 661.txt this album is very weak compared to his earlier efforts . the music is simple and straightforward , and the rapping is poor 
music neg 582.txt de la proliferacion de bandas angloparlantes de los ' 70 , no encuentro motivos para destacar esta placa....una mas y nada mas ue eso..despues de todo , es mi humilde opinion....humm..humble pie , descansa tranquilo... . 
music neg 481.txt i heard this song on the radio the first time many months ago ( and then for months and months it 's been played nonstop ) . i instantly hated it from the horrendous beat to the fact that gwen stefani is a 35 year old dressed up as a cheerleader with pom-poms and about 95% of the song is spent on the chorus " i ai n't no hollaback girl " or " this s*** is bananas " section . pharell is a master producer and i chuckled because i thought that even the neptunes can produce an occasional flop . to my horror this song became the number one single for multiple weeks and became the most successful single of the entire summer ( maybe even the entire year ) . i do n't see what people like about this song but apparently there is something i 'm missing . like i said you either hate it or love it 
music neg 696.txt i think ms hewitt misses the mark , yes for an actress turned singer she 's ok and its more her acting clout that has landed her this record deal and not her talent as a singer.. . would someone off the street with the same looks and musical level get a record deal ? i think not.. . same goes for the other latin jennifer. . 
music neg 937.txt once " the very best of 10cc " was released in 1997 , it was the collection to have . that collection included 15 tracks that spanned 10cc 's career , ending with the godley and creme hit " cry . " so why would this cd be released , especially since the only thing it offers over the prior cd is " channel swimmer " and " do n't hang up ? " buy the cd " how dare you " and " the very best of 10cc " and you will have three times the music you have on this cd for only twice the price . an unnecessary addition to the 10cc portfolio 
music neg 541.txt being a huge blondie fan , i want to rate this one higher , but sadly i cannot . it 's just a sad mishmash of bad songs , it feel very negligant too . i love the way blondie contributed to rap and disco , but their calypso number on this one is so awful . they had lost it here . check out thier truly great albums instead like paralel lines or eat to the beat. . 
music neg 445.txt me especially i cannot hate on cam cuz i got his first albums and thats when he was serious lyrically . either the money went to his head or he just ran outta s*** to say . and judgin that his subject matter stays the same i guesss its true . dude spits some retarded a** lyrics . i give this cd a two cuz of the beats . but this dude is a certified beatwaster . these producers need to give these beats to rappers who can actually spit bars . this n***a sumtimes do n't even rhyme 
music neg 624.txt i was first introduced to the symphonic power metallers formerly known as rhapsody ( name changed due to copyright issues ) on their 2006 live album live in canada . i have to say that i am just not that impressed or entertained by their latest studio effort . the group tends to rely more or the theatrical elements rather than focusing on their metal music . the vocals tend to be oversung , or drowned out by the chaos in the background . rather than enhancing your metal experience with musical theatrical elements , rhapsody of fire puts you to sleep with them . the group does stay true to their fantasy themes however 
music neg 948.txt when will artist realize you ca n't change the old classics . the only successfull r&b group to sing the classic " night and day " to their own beat was the temptations cd " what women want " the best rendition i have ever heard . smokey does have the voice for these kinds of songs . another good cd with classics is willie nelson 's stardust 
music neg 106.txt however despite what amazon reviewer kristy martin may believe , ms croft does not need to get her freak on . wow . i guess hip hop can do no wrong . in a soundtrack which is filled with apporpriate trax to supplement the film , here comes another fanboy / girl of hip hop 's hopele$$$ley misplaced garbage . thank you kristy for proving to be yet another white suburban supporter of the most mass marketed crap to come along . ( missy ) this song is soo done it 's practically taboo to listen too . and outkast ? puhf_ckingleez . these clowns sold out a long long time ago 
music neg 122.txt see bonnie raitt be slowly overtaken by the blahs , actually one is temped to think the album will be cool when listening to ` the fundametal things ' , but no 
music neg 504.txt this is a copy of the review on amazon.com for van zant 's get right with the man which is another sony corrupted title . " this cd secretly installs drm ( digital rights management ) software on your pc without your permission . not only does it do this , but the software then hides itself by installing as a " root kit . " as per wikipedia , - - root kit from wikipedia , the free encyclopedia . a root kit is a set of tools used by an intruder after cracking a computer system . these tools can help the attacker maintain his or her access to the system and use it for malicious purposes . root kits are known to exist for a variety of operating systems such as linux , solaris and versions of microsoft windows . a rootkit typically hides logins , processes , files , and logs and may include software to intercept data from terminals , network connections , and the keyboard . in many sources , rootkits are counted as trojan horses . - - in this instance , sony installs drm software to copy protect their cd , and prevent it from being copied to various devices , all the while not telling you , the user , or letting you uninstall it because it hides itself from the user and windows . manually trying to uninstall it like some people have done , results in their cd-rom drives disappearing entirely from windows , as sony installs their own custom cd-rom drivers onto the system . do not support this wreckless kind of copy protection . show the music business this is *your* music . *you* purchased it , and they should *not* be able to dictate how you can use it . do not buy this cd . " a list of affected titles can be found here : http : / / www.eff.org / deeplinks / archives / 004144.php and another part of an amazon.com review for the van zant cd " amazon rocks . they pulled they infected cd 's from sale and allowed these reviews that tell of the problems . shame on sony they not only messed with the consumers but also the artists . " trey anastasio , shine ( columbia ) celine dion , on ne change pas ( epic ) neil diamond , 12 songs ( columbia ) our lady peace , healthy in paranoid times ( columbia ) chris botti , to love again ( columbia ) van zant , get right with the man ( columbia ) switchfoot , nothing is sound ( columbia ) the coral , the invisible invasion ( columbia ) acceptance , phantoms ( columbia ) susie suh , susie suh ( epic ) amerie , touch ( columbia ) life of agony , broken valley ( epic ) horace silver quintet , silver 's blue ( epic legacy ) gerry mulligan , jeru ( columbia legacy ) dexter gordon , manhattan symphonie ( columbia legacy ) the bad plus , suspicious activity ( columbia ) the dead 60s , the dead 60s ( epic ) dion , the essential dion ( columbia legacy ) natasha bedingfield , unwritten ( epic ) ricky martin , life ( columbia ) ( labeled as xcp , but , oddly , our disc had no protection 
music neg 458.txt this is as bad as the film.in fact just like the film the soundtrack is the same old formula.will&amp ; his movies&amp ; music never change the same old beat.the rest of the soundtrack is just as bad.unoriginal&amp ; boring.what a waste of kool moe dee 
music neg 63.txt i bought this cd after hearing tony on one of the am morning shows , and really likings some of his past offerings , but i have to say that this cd was the pits and a waste of my money . i was ticked off to have bought this cd from a talented brother and not have gotten my money 's worth . tony has been on the scene for quite a number of years , and i expected a more mature offering from him than this latest . there is a great lack of maturity on this cd , and it 's an overall disappointment . unfortunately , i have to say here that toney is not alone . what on earth possessed veteran soul singers the o'jays to sing a song like let 's ride ? who are they singing about girls their granddaughters ages ? hoochie mommas ? what ? babyface ? even he gets in on the foolishness of trying to sing like the hip hop crowd ! and what 's up with the explicit lyrics ? we all know you can curse like sailors , but why is this language necessary in music ? and i know that artist have always performed their music , but will someone tell me why it 's necessary to perform with so few clothes on ? i would rather hear your music , not see your booty ! sorry , but a review i just read triggered me , and i 'd been thinking about the tony terry cd for a while . hope he comes up with a more mature offering the next time . meanwhile i think you 're safe in skipping this particular cd 
music neg 828.txt i bought this cd not long after it came out . it did n't last long in my collection because it only has a few good songs on it ! ! ! i like somehow our love survives and abandoned garden . other than that this is a mediocre effort for michael . he has used this kind of brazilian theme on sleeping gypsy already . stick with your roots michael...you are from california...not south america . try buying blue pacific instead ! ! ! i abandoned this one a long time ago 
music neg 19.txt i 'm an avid tony yayo fan , but this album just did n't cut it . maybe its just trying to commercialize in the rap game and having pressure . i do n't know . but i listened to most of his mixtapes and this album sounds nothing like them . hopefully his next album will be way better . a few songs are good to listen to . i would think , coming out of prison you would have a lot to talk about , but " so seductive " being your first single ? ? come on . i am not a hater but just listen to the album and then listen to the gunit mixtapes and you will see what i mean . rating c 
music neg 975.txt the cd came without a cd case and the cd did not play . i am very disappointed 
music neg 865.txt like the other reviewer of this cd , i am also a fan of buffalo tom . unfortunately this does n't sound very similar to bt , in fact it is a bit dull . none of the songs seem to have hooks or melodies that stick - after you hear it you instantly forget it . i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 to be fair , since i only played it 3 times , hoping it would grow on me . i 'd recommend " up here " instead of this one , it 's much more listener friendly 
music neg 154.txt after reading so many positive reviews , i was very exited when i recieved this cd in the mail . i popped it in my bose wave radio , turned it up to 85 , and listened to the most annoying hissing sound i 've ever heard coming from my system . i regret purchasing this cd 
music neg 755.txt i did n't listen the disk but know the recording label . never heard anything good produced by the company in several occasions when i was hooked by the low price : very poor immitations . just go for the real things 
music neg 579.txt i played several samples of this cd on my computer while visiting the amazon website and my male cat started meowing along . this cd is good for calming a cat and lining his box . face it , yoko ca n't sing ( unless you have a cat 's ears . ) 
music neg 877.txt i expected more african vocals in it. . thats the main reason i brought the cd , i recently became a fan of that kind of music. . it had like 3 songs on there that i liked , besides that this album is garbag 
music neg 769.txt these songs are hacked up versons of rick 's music . i played it a couple of times until i got the library of original lps . the lps are better . at least they carry full versions of songs . i pass on rick and this package . rca cheats people out of good music. . 
music neg 372.txt beautiful voice , but so much anger in the lyrics ruins the cd . i was offended just reading every name on this cd...it is really a shame , what pretty " vulgar " voice . if this cd sells millions will you be proud of the message of hate you just pushed into millions of ears . you should be ashamed of yourself as an artist , as you have such power , but it is spent on prepetuating hate . nina simone was a angry artist also , but not once did she offend me ( caucasian male ) with her lyrics and all of her hate for racism in america . the first song i ever heard of hers " mississippi goddam " made me cry , so emotionally charged and commanding of a voice . there will always be a " racist america " because people are selfish , but be responsible as a descent human being and as an artist . i liked the cd until i heard the lyrics , one less sale adds up after awhile 
music neg 411.txt yep , this cd sucks . that depeche mode guy is really random , what makes you think anyone who is looking at the punk-o-rama review would be interested in depeche mode ? rem sucks too , michael stipe is the most self absorbed old bald guy ever . 
music neg 415.txt crikey ! ! ! ! what is this chunder ? wait a minute....art students from " down under " get together and make fun little songs while watching reruns of " the wiggles " , decide they can market these tunes to an adoring fan base ! yeah , this stuff could be the soundtrack to " forrest gump " alright . " run , forrest , run ! run as fast as you can from this crap ! ! ! " and these guys are touring , too ? are they touring with barney & friends ? there is not one thing of value to this other than that the cd itself makes a handy coaster for your foster's .. 
music neg 539.txt i do n't know who these people are , but they will give praise for anything ! ms. london is a wonderful singer , but the producers must have given her sleeping pills . this is a boring cd ! like peggi blu , who won star search , her record company " toned her down " for her debut album , with banal and boring songs with that stupid hip / hop " dum de dum " mary j . blige beat , which will send you to nowheresville . aretha franklin 's boring so damn happy was so awful , it 's no longer available . she went " mary j . " and almost lost the crown off her head . because she 's aretha franklin ( queen of soul ) she did manage ( somehow ) to get a non-deserved grammy for " wonderful " from that cd . the grammys also presented the queen with her 17th competitive grammy for her " a house is not a home " mess . what must they be thinking ? well , latoya london wo n't be considered for anything for this hip / hop mess . she should get serious about some r & b ( i mean the real r & b ) and leave this light-weight fluff alone . latoya , you have a great voice - - use it . contact sam dees , jo armstead or ashford & simpson and beg for some material ! and , as madame rose would say , " sing out , louise ! ! ! 
music neg 691.txt these covers are pretty bad . some good ones have been done , cameron mcgill @ the uncommon ground tribute , big sir 's everybody here wants you is good , but this is bad , no matter what entertainment weekly 's review might say . avoid , buy a real jeff or tim album 
music neg 520.txt i hate the beatles . they are amongst my music guide top 20 worst bands ever . they only made a few decent songs in hey jude , let it be , and ballad of john and yoko . rest of their songs just stink ! even a mark knopfler cd without dire straits is better than this ! like i said , anyone who listens to the beatles or zeppelin do n't know what good music is about , huh ! ! ! good music is required dire straits , green day , foreigner , gnr , metallica , and nirvana . get any album from those bands insted . the beatles suck ! ! ! ! 
music neg 399.txt this album is not very good . i am a big fan of life in general , at the show , and slowly going the way of the buffalo but this sucks . i listened to it for about 2 weeks and then it cracked my backpack on a road trip . but i did n't care , becuase it sucked . it was boring , and it had no flavor . not the mxpx i used to know 
music neg 6.txt this is not what i expected from such a gifted artist as jaheim , did he change producers ? the music and the man with the voice did n't go together well for me . this is one i will not be purchasing , it is a serious down grade from his previous two albums . better luck next time , jaheim i was truly disappointed . 
music neg 437.txt i hate it when rock stars form those g0d awful " supergroups " . ca n't people see that putting a whole bunch of different people from different bands together in one band is just a marketing scam and nothing more ? there 's no such thing as a good supergroup . the supergroup is the only kind of band that deliberately tries to $uck . when damn yankees released their 1990 debut , every song on it was so incredibly generic , there was no hope for this band . the whole album seemed rushed and thrown together . they had nothing meaningful to say with these songs , it just seemed like they were pumping out filler and hoping somebody would be stupid enough to fall for their " supergroup " scam . the big , booming , arena rock choruses just ring hollow . i guess they 're trying to be catchy and have memorable hooks , but to me , it just sounds like a lot of filler . supergroups will always suck , because they diliberately try to sound bad ! thats right people ! supergroup members know that since they 're already popular , the album they 're putting out is guaranteed to be a big seller- -- - " why bother trying to come up with good songs ? we 're already popular , so people will buy it no matter how bad it is ! lets just put out filler . " supergroups are a total farce , its just easy money for the people involved , and nothing more . if you buy any album by any supergroup , than you my friend , are a sucker ! if you want to hear shaw or blades at their best , just keep listening to any styx or night ranger album , and avoid anything by damn yankees , or any other supergroup 
music neg 386.txt i love patti , and her last cd was one of her most consistant to date . this one is not good at all . this a low point in patti 's career , and god knows she has had enough low points on vinyl and disk . live performances have been consistantly awesome over the years from what i can see on tv . i really wanted to like this , but " ai n't no way " this song should have been remade by patti and mary who has a pitch issue . if you cannot do a song justice , do n't sing it ! ! ! ! ! patti still has more vocal range left than most of her peers , but singing high notes do n't " make " a song , interpretation is what makes the listener feel the lyrics . patti and mary need to learn that as age will creep up and lower ones vocal register . patti should have listened to the doctor and waited for this one . this cd came and went , period ! i literally gave it away ! ! ! ! ! 
music neg 709.txt i am a huge fan of elvis costello and ran to the shop as soon as i read the great reviews of this album , what a mistake ! ! ! very few of the arrangements offer an improvement over the original version . the cardboard cut salsa montuno of ' clubland ' sounds as classy and natural as a plastic flamingo and the wonderful ska sound of ' watching the detectives ' is lost in a jazz arrangement that does n't offer much to the melody . elvis ' voice is not suited the long sustained notes of ' almost blue ' and most of the songs . it worked well on his ' juliet letters ' album because the brodsky quartet played for his style but with the clean and crisp sound of the metropole orkest it is just painful . for me , ' hora decubitus ' is the only song worth listening from this musical jumble 
music neg 165.txt tihs album is not all that good when it came out in still not good till this day . i like all his other albums better i do n't know why he decided to release this crap.but the only song i really like is hip hip qurtables 
music neg 454.txt carlos mencia is one edgy comedian ; i know this because he wo n't stop telling everyone about it . i 've never been a huge fan of carlos and after listening to this cd my opinion of him has n't really changed . he claims to be an edgy comedian and that 's his problem , if he was truly edgy he would n't have to constantly remind us in his cd / dvd titles , his show on comedy central , radio / tv interviews and most importantly during his own act . sure he talks about very racial and socially taboo subjects but so does chris rock , george lopez , david cross , george carlin , dave chappelle , richard pryor ( rip ) and countless other comedians and they are much better at it . in fact they are so good at it mr. mencia often feels to need to use some of these comedian 's jokes in his own act , a true sign of respect for those who came before them ; at least that 's what carlos seems to think or maybe he 's just plagiarizing because he 's not funny enough to come up with descent material . needless to say i was not laughing while listening to this cd and it was n't because i find carlos to mean spirited , or crass , or politically incorrect ; it 's because everything he talks about that 's supposed to be so gosh darn edgy has already been said by other people who are much more funny then he is . there is so much good stand up comedy out there people do n't waste your time and money on this joke stealing , self aggrandizing hack . 
music neg 83.txt it would be impossible for me to write you a review . i never received the subject cd . you sent me some piece of crap dics which i sent back . i have not received the gene watson cd i ordered and paid for . if i do n't get it soon , you will never hear from me again . edward n clark - herrin , i 
music neg 480.txt i know , i know - i never thought it possible either , that gwen stefani could produce something more awful than anything her ( ex ? ) band no doubt and reduced to house-husband gavin rosdale 's band bush ever could combined . take no doubt 's attempts at reggae , their use of guitars and trumpets ( together ? never good ) , take. . well , every bush song ever recorded and " hollaback girl " is still a hundred times worse . let 's talk about why . first of all , that fake music thing i hate . if you 've read any of my previous reviews ( and if not , why not ? ) you 'll know that if someone is singing something , even if they 've written it or not , you 've got to believe it . i mean , aretha franklin did n't write " respect " ( otis redding did ) , but when she sings it - you believe it . not so with this , a laughable attempt at a football-chant soundalike . here , gwen tells us that " uh-huh , this my s**t " and " this s**t is bananas " . and then helpfully spells out bananas , all under a " hey mickey " type repetitive drumbeat . gwen attempts to sound a number of things. . a ) 17 b ) black c ) " street " d ) like she had any idea what the hell a " hollaback girl " actually was until someone told her a week before the song was written . she fails on all accounts . what she does come across as being is everything that , well , she is . a white , 35 year old rich married woman bringing in expensive young talent to help her sell albums . it 's not only an unconvinving song , but a crass , ugly , tedious noise . but it has the word " s**t " repeated loads and loads of times , so of course it sold by the bucketload . sigh and double sigh . i shudder to think what she 'll come up with next to top it . gwen gangsta rap ? the_curmudgeon_hates_you@yahoo.co.u 
music neg 886.txt jimi hendrix was an ideal guitarist to lead a power trio , and he thrived in that format . he inspired other groups to attempt it , with varying degrees of success . but the experience was a unit , able to soar on stage in extended live versions of hendrix 's compositions . had it not been for the demon of discontent within the trio itself ( that curses so many otherwise excellent bands ) , the experience might have created several more inspired albums than it did before falling apart . the album band of gypsys was jarring upon its release to those of us looking for hendrix to continue to maximize the potential of the experience . at the time , loosely associated groups that traded off lengthy lead parts in a more or less generic old-style blues format were common and certainly not original - - much less cutting edge . it 's true that jimi does some respectable work on this record against the backdrop of the blues grooves supplied for him , but there 's an odd and unwelcome shift in the balance . buddy miles became a kind of intrusion into the world jimi had fashioned in his previous work . on a hendrix album , songs sung by buddy miles did n't move the bar ; they did not elucidate jimi 's universe . buddy 's drum work was simply not in the style of mitch mitchell , and that was a large step down from the experience 's innovative grooves in songs like " fire , " for example . listen to " fire , " and then listen to any cut on " band of gypsys . " listen to hendrix 's wild half-sung , half-wailed vocals on the previous albums , and then listen to buddy miles sing " changes . " you ca n't reconcile the two styles , and that would not be quite so bad if it were n't for the obvious fact that band of gypsys , under buddy miles ' unfortunate influence , were not a step backward toward traditional blues rather than another reach into the future already painted by jimi 's previous work in tracks like " are you experienced ? " and " third stone from the sun . " jimi 's guitar work put him several steps ahead of the blues in terms of making his instrument perform overdriven rock tone poems and distorted rock concertos on his behalf . band of gypsys turned jimi backward into a lead player in a blues band , which one might even have mistaken as being headed up by sideman buddy miles . that 's not what people bought a hendrix album for . it just did n't work very well as a release from what people still considered the hendrix experience . jimi seemed to have gone off track somehow , and the effect was to make him seem a little less what he had been up to that point . no doubt people got smoked up and enjoyed portions of the album that seemed like an intimate studio groove , but the cohesion of the experience , the clear creative identity of the hendrix experience was not there . you can say it was as simple as the fact that we missed noel redding and mitch mitchell , and that may be true . but whatever the line-up , people were not entirely ready for jimi to share his stage with any other would-be featured players . 
music neg 215.txt not exactly the " vaults " blowing open , as stated in the promo . these are mostly leftovers and one-offs from the late 1990s , when the group was on hiatus from serious recording . that 's why the set is overloaded with forgettable jingles from television shows , literary journals and graphic design firms . whats good is the material that was recorded for albums and subsequently rejected , such as " reprehensible " , " rest awhile " and " certain people i could name " . but there are too few of these real songs , and they 'd have fit a lot better on that long-awaited b-sides collection from their major label career 
music neg 895.txt jonny 's conversion is fine and i hope he is happy , but this album was not good if you are expecting the blues guitar work of his early albums . if you want christan rock maybe this could be for you , but he missed the mark with me big time 
music neg 521.txt the dictators are incredible . few bands can alternativly spoof and embrace the rock ' n ' roll ideals as these guys have , and their spinal-tap-meets-ramones-mees-beach-boys style almost always works - almost . " manifest destiny " is a dissapointing release from the ' tators . i mean its not a bad album , but the guys can do much better than this . there are a few good songs . " disease " is hilarious , particulary the spoken word act from handsome dick at the begining . " science gone too far " is one of the band 's catchiest tunes , proving they were as good as any of the big names from the 60s . their closing cover of the stooges ' " search & destroy " is an okay interperatation of the classic . however , that 's about it . the rest are mostly humorless fm-style rockers , and while the dictators were n't selling out , they were certainly trying to become more accesible . download those three tunes , and pick up every other album by the band 
music neg 989.txt oh man , this sucks really bad . good thing nu-metal is dead . thrash metal is real metal , this is for posers 
music neg 374.txt the people who have mentioned aphex twin and four tet have clearly never listened to either of these artists . if you liked the stone roses you will like this . it 's not an ' electronic ' album at all . i 've ordered manitoba 's earlier cd after listening to the samples ( the reason for purchasing both these albums ) and i certainly hope it sounds nothing like ' up in flames' . it 's funny , i promised myself i would never buy an album again without listening to it and yet it seems that samples on the net can be misleading , either that or dan snaith has had a serious identity crisis in the last few years 
music neg 79.txt i basically love anything mr. carter does , but this one has alot of great lyrics ( as usual ) . i 'm so glad he 's coming out of retirement . any fan of jay-z will enjoy this cd 
music neg 730.txt while there are some flashes of brilliance in this album , it is compromised by a lack of direction . the ' tastes so sweet ' mix of rapture is beautiful , although cut far too short . faithless , afrika bambaataa & amp ; soulsonic , and crystal method are all good driving tracks at the tail end of this album . the high point , without contest , is darude 's ripping mix of rising star 's ' touch me' . this is a cut to throw on for the peak.. . when you find the party is just outside of barstow with hunter . that said , then there are all the uninspired tracks in the center of the album . these are more appropriate in an adolescent brit girl 's drawer next to the spice girls . for some labels , this would be normal , for ministry however , it is a dissapointment 
music neg 451.txt eric reed is a monster pianist . under the right circumstances , he could record a christmas album that would become an instant classic . this , however , is an unfortunate example of what happens when an overconfident artist tries to do everything himself . reed produced and arranged this album himself . probably if he had hired an objective producer , that producer would have told him to hire an arranger . reed 's arrangements are second-rate . his version of " santa claus is coming to town " has been downshifted into a parody that serves as the worst example of an annoying trend : reed attempts to put a fresh twist on nearly every song . it 's an admirable goal , but he does n't have what it takes ; and the result is like a restaurant that serves hamburgers with a knife and fork , and swordfish crumbled over salad . it just does n't work . i hope this is n't the last christmas album from eric reed . he 's one of the truly original voices of his generation ; and with his gospel background and feel for the blues , there 's no doubt in my mind he could record an album that would rival " a charlie brown christmas . " but this is n't it . he needs to hand over the reins of his next project and focus on the piano 
music neg 213.txt hooba...stank...stinks and will always stink . i do n't know about the rest of the cd , but listening to the reason is about as pleasant as sticking your hand into a running garbage disposal . i 'm not a perfect perrrrsssonn . egad 
music neg 341.txt people this is easy listening at it 's easiest . every song is and will be a candidate for adult contemperary rotation in 2 years , that is if it is n't allready . i do n't know anything about what they have done in the past , except for a song i remember being played on the radio a few years ago . must have been on the album prior to this . but that song sounds just like two tracks on this one . not only that but if there was n't a pause in between these mini mediocre fests i could n't really tell any of them apart . horrible music with no feeling or soul , not even creative . do n't waste your time with this . 
music neg 86.txt this album is lame as hell but next to the air pollution on the airwaves today , this aint too bad thats why it gets a 2. right before female rappers ( there 's a few exceptions ) , i hate all little kid rappers . even when i was a kid . i do n't like anything on this album , i still got the tape and it has n't " krossed " my mind to even cop the cd . if you like this kind of stuff , or you loved " jump " back in the day then i guess this is for you 
music neg 376.txt some reviews have suggested that this is not the ideal first purchase for the un-inititiated . i am writing to confirm that assertion . i have read enough raving reviews about their subsequent releases to know that it really does get better from here , but what a disappointment this album was for me . it sounds like what you would hear coming from the garage next door . my advice to the kids would be to keep practing and please turn it down . jack 's appreciation of the blues is admirable , but only realised on the song " i fought piranhas " . tellingly , this is the final song on the album . otherwise the songs are forgettable and even annoying at times . 
music neg 173.txt je suis un peu du par cet album.. . c'est morne , le son est pas top.. . a trane dans les longueurs.. . bref ennuyeux ! mais bon il faut se mettre  l' poque aussi ! a  qd mme 13 ans 
music neg 501.txt well i 'll explain that later . she uses her own vocals . she does n't even have the balls to let the artists who rework the song use their own vocals.i love how the editoral review uses the term " unique vocal talent " . yoko has no vocal talents . i must also point out i am courtney love 's number one fan , so this should give me even more cred . it just proves how narcissistic and disgusting yoko is that she wo n't let other artists do an album using their own vox . she loves the sound of her own too much ! i already went through that stage where i made everyone listen her as a joke . i was about 14 then . my point here , this is n't even a good joke . its just dumb . i listened to the song clips provided on amazon . even that was too much . if you must , just download this album for free . do not buy it . do not in any way support this woman . i wish there was a zero star rating . 
music neg 221.txt this cd is 100% pure junk ! the cd is sung by kids ! they have high-pitched voices that are n't even good enough to win the school talent show . the other singers are adults who have voices that are n't anything impressive , either . if the songs were sung by the original singer it would of been better . stop this s****y music ! 
music neg 13.txt after months of searching , i found the out of print cd here . i had never heard it , but after hearing the fabulous song & quot ; my only&quot ; from the & quot ; good as it gets&quot ; movie soundtrack , i had to hear the album . what a disappointment ! oh well , it would have been hard to make a cd as good as that song 
music neg 361.txt for starters i love bun b and pimp c and ugk and all that but the thing that kills it is lil jon yelling " gansta grizzel " like 10 times in every track . i love lil jon too , but they coulda done without it . also they just rappin over other peps beats , it just sounds like a mixed tape kinda deal . but heard rumor that bun b is bout to come out with an offical bun b record , not a mixed tape , or nothin like that , but only reason why i gave it two stars is just cuz they got tight flows on the tracks , but not their own beats , and lil jon coulda just shut the hell up on those tracks . just keepin it real . i wouldnt spend the money , id just wait for bun b to release his own offical cd , or till pimp c get out and ugk hooks it back up 
music neg 217.txt guys...it 's not that good . i have the album on my computer , and i gave it a few listens , but...it has no substance . it 's not interesting or anything new . it 's catchy . and irritating , after more than a song or two . that 's all ( " bandages " is enjoyable once in a while , i will concede ) . if you 're looking for catchy and poppy ( and there 's nothing wrong with that ) , then buy it . if you want something new and original - don't . and if you want good indie dance / electronica-type music go for something like the faint , the bravery , or le tigre . 
music neg 969.txt this album bores me out of my mind . only two decent tracks : bad boys and bonnie and clyde . and i 'm no avid radio listener . bet and mtv actually hit the nail on the head with these tracks . so i guess they good for somethin 
music neg 502.txt i ordered this cd based on the reviews . first , i have to say that i am not sure why it is called ' paris under a groove' . i was thinking that it would be in french , at least . the beats are nice , i would not in any way compare it to buddha bar. . i just was n't as thrilled as i thought that i would be . it sounded very cheap . no originality . my fiancee is from paris , and this was very disappointing - not only to him - but i was embarrassed as offering it as a present....so far , it sits on the shelf. . 
music neg 525.txt young jeezy even proclaims not to be a rapper ; yet , he is a motivational speaker . so , in this case , he is trying to speak to the youth of hip-hop culture that selling drugs and carrying guns is the cool thing to do . he should just consider himself a rapper ; that way , when he 's using grade-school rhyme patterns to get his message across , we can just call him a bad rapper instead of a bad role model . anyways , with that diatribe aside , this album is nothing new from jeezy . we all saw it coming . he picks out some great beats , but cannot provide the great lyrics to go along with them . therefore , an uneven album ensues . " i luv it " was the first single and is a prime example . if this beat might have reached someone such as t.i. or maybe even a group like clipse , this would 've been a great song . however , it 's jeezy , so it 's gonna be a letdown . that 's pretty much what this album is ; a letdown . after guest spots on " grew up a screw up " with ludacris and the posse cut remix " top back " with t.i. & b.g. , i was expecting alot from jeezy this time around . however , all i got were two tracks ( " go getta " with r . kelly & " 3 a.m. " with timbaland ) that are recommendable . the rest of the album is plagued with horrible lyrics over average-to-above average production . if you 're looking for " inspiration , " look away from this " trap-star . 
music neg 887.txt it 's not great music to dance to 
music neg 686.txt if you want to get into blind melon very quick , buy this....if you really like blind melon and wnat to hear something new...do n't buy this.. . 
music neg 658.txt like so many new-age artists , ryan farish has a great ear for melodies . unlike most new-age artists , ryan farish has rhythmic problems . he likes to use the delay effect on his piano , but either it is not sycronized with the tempo of the song or he is simply being too sloppy with his playing ( sometimes it 's one problem and sometimes it 's both ) . i do n't know how he let those takes make it on to the final album . also , the massively loud reverse cymbal sounds are way overused and make the entire album very abrasive very quickly 
music neg 717.txt as a lover of gospel bluegrass i anticipated an enjoyable listening session with blue highway 's latest offering . let me first say that i am a fan of this group , which i consider to be one of the premier groups in bluegrassdom , but what i heard was bluegrass muzak . yes , the group 's tight harmonies and excellent musicianship were in evidence , and that is what saved this disc from being sold to the local reseller , but the lack of inspiration and excitement was disappointing . gospel music , even bluegrass gospel , has a tendency to preachiness and taking itself too seriously as this disc proves . a good gospel recording must have some cuts which are humorous , some serious and contemplative , some that push the envelope of orthodoxy , and most importantly it must have an element of fun in order to keep the attention of the listeners . this disc fails in that regard containing standard old gospel chestnuts along with some original songs that ape the oldtime standards . my advice is to either borrow it from a friend before buying new , or buy used . want mine 
music neg 146.txt im not surprised that this album is garbage because fiddy has been putting out trash lately ( think tony gayo ) . there are no standout tracks and prodigy doesnt even rhyme anymore . all prodigy does is spit run-on sentences throughout every track and havoc sounds like he 's just there to be there . amerikaz nightmare was a sign that it was over for them . did we really have to hear this one to see that ? if you are a mobb deep fan buy every album before amerikaz nightmre and keep it moving 
music neg 72.txt i am very disappointed in this cd . not because the music is n't good , because it is . but because it is just not the pat green that used to play in stillwater . the passionate , soulful pat green . back then he sang about things that he believed in and loved . now he is singing what nashville tells him to . and this coming from the guy who sang " nashville sucks " with cory morrow . there are a ton of country singers out there that could have released this cd and it would have sounded exactly the same . but songs like " southbound 35 " and " three day " can only be sang by pat green . he needs to revisit his roots and come back to the red dirt country music that he was born to play . will the real pat green please stand up 
music neg 570.txt most other reviewers listed here believe that this cd is good - i wonder if the fantastic and marvelous nature of the legendary mannheim concerts and the joyous nature of earlier mannheim cd 's have made it difficult to critique a mannheim offering ! i am a student of all sorts of music and have been my entire life - and this particular cd sounded to me like one long track of exactly the same music , just with different chords . in fact , if i was not paying specific attention , i could n't tell when one song ended and another started ! i enjoyed what i heard , but i was certainly expecting more from this cd - many of these disney songs could have easily lent themselves to more spectacular stylings - at the very least , some variety seems to have been called for . disney has always included great music with their movies , running the gamut of musical styles such as classical , jazz , blues , and even hip-hop - so maybe my problem was that my expectations were too high . i do , however , highly recommend mannheim cd 's in general - just not this one 
music neg 930.txt i understand why so many people like dido..she is beautiful , has a decent voice , comes across as a decent human being and is inoffensive...this album is the same - ' inoffensive' ...some might say , bland...the tracks that work for me are ' thank you ' ( used on eminem 's ' stan ' ) , but is done solo here and it works , ' hunter ' and ' here with me' ...the rest just disappear into the background like a passing car...nothing much happens , nothing inspires...i really want to like her , but it 's all been done before. . 
music neg 200.txt generally harmless , except for one very offensive song about siblings that hate each other and hate their parents . the song is probably funny to ultra-sophisticated , cynical adults . but the song is totally inappropriate for a four year old . i would n't bring this cd into your house 
music neg 95.txt yes the game has been missing the constant songs about drugs , girls , cars and jewelery . i tell you juelz really came with an original formula with this album . the stuff he mentions on this one has never been said before and juelz is an innovator as well as the rest of the dipset . lol ! ! ! ! these guys listen to other peoples albums and just reiterate the same stuff in a different song and beat . save your money 
music neg 613.txt just be sure to read up on this closely.. . it 's not the orchestra you hear in the movie , and you may be especially disappointed when you hear the vocal tracts - gone are great talents enya and annie lennox , replaced by no-name voices . this is not bad music , but do n't think you 're a genius for capturing the music of the movies on one inexpensive 2-cd set 
music neg 239.txt sorry , bill ! poor lyrics and only fair production have made this a most disappointing purchase . the guitar playing is adequate , but not good enough to save this material . i hope bill spends a little more time on the thought process before bringing out his next material . 
music neg 158.txt i 've never been a fan of metallica . i like ride the lightening , master of puppets , and that 's it . that 's the extent of my enjoyment with their abilities . however , if there is one quality i 've always admired in metallica , it is their lyrics . they 've always had excellent lyrics in their songs , and that was what got me to keep buying albums . however , i ca n't credit them for any lyrics on this one . unfortunately , we 're dealing with a bunch of covers . some of the songs are pretty good . the only one i can say i really like is turn the page , though seger 's original version is leaps and bounds ahead of it . it 's got decent music , and the vocals are n't bad . metallica just could n't figure out how to honor a classic , and they occasionally sounded like james was trying to lift a thousand pounds while he sang , leading his voice to sound overly forced . other songs , like killing time , were not spared on this album . unlike with turn the page , metallica did n't even do a halfway decent job covering this . they destroyed a pretty good song . and to be honest , metallica 's guitarist just ca n't compete with sweet savage 's ( vivian campbell ? ? ) . tuesday 's gone was also destroyed . it was too slow and acoustic , but not in the good way it was in the skynyrd original . in this case , james ' voice was terrible . it sounded like he was bleeding the entire time and trying to ignore it . that is , at least , the effect i get from it . overall , if you 're a die hard fan , you wo n't like this . it just does n't have what metallica did have for songs back with ride the lightening and master of puppets . if you 're just looking for some metallica , you might as well get this . as long as you are just a small fan , and not a huge one . otherwise , this may come as a dissapointment 
music neg 506.txt good music but a bad title ! elvis has left the planet but a new king has been born with the self proclaimed new king of rock and roll ken rondell at http : / / www.cdbaby.com / cd / bigra 
music neg 161.txt jessica is blessed with a powerful and beautiful voice , but you wo n't get the chance to hear it on this cd . this cd is a complete let down . it is her worst one yet ! do n't get me wrong . i love jessica , but seeing her waste her god given gift on a bunch of kitty cat songs is just so.. . tragic 
music neg 898.txt if this is n't worst dead album then in the dark is 
music neg 231.txt following on from the fantastic ' the duel ' allison moorer 's latest release ' getting somewhere ' is a massive , massive disappointment . quite simply the material on ' getting somewhere ' is weak and gutless . on the rare occasions moorer tries to emulate the beauty and feel of ' the duel ' - such as on hallelujah & new years day - earle rips the heart out of the material with such an amateurish , pedestrian and thin production that you feel cheated ! business and pleasure rarely mix and moorer should take a long , hard look at this release and give serious consideration to re-installing rs field next time around . if moorer wants a guitar groove that burns , drums that drive and vocals that mesmerise then earle is simply not the man for the job . moorer is a fantastic talent who has one of the finest female voices of any genre ( she can write a mean song too ! ) . this cd showcases none of her abilities and should be consigned to the bargain bins immediately 
music neg 103.txt out of all of the early ' 90s , l.a. gangster flicks , this one probably had the best set of chicano oldie tracks . the movie was laced with them , yet none are on the soundtrack . kind of a waste . sure , you can get those oldies anywhere . but it would be nice to have those songs from this movie on one cd . again , it was a good sequence they used . aside from that ; it 's okay , i guess , if you 're a fan of b-list l.a. chicano rappers . but , even if you are , you can get better music from their respective albums . lsob 's first cd from ' 91 was tight . if you have that , then you 're really not missing anything by letting the ' loca ' soundtrack pass . 
music neg 970.txt id advise not to buy the album . listening to it is like contacting gonorrhea . trust me ive done both 
music neg 790.txt if you work in a comic book store , live in your mom 's basement , own a lot of black candles , and think that h . p . lovecraft wrote history books , then you might like this garbage . if you have a life , a clue , or a girlfriend , then you probably will not have any use for this stuff . i still ca n't figure out how record companies get away with classifying this pseudointellectual fluff as metal . it belongs in a category with sisters of mercy or morrisey . this record is completely lacking any imagination or energy : depressing teenagers is like shooting fish in a barrel . i guess if you want to play dungeons and dragons and fester about feeling like an outcast , this would be the thing to listen to . personally i think it 's a huge ripoff when somebody takes five minutes worth of music and stretches it out into an hour . do n't give these jokers your money . 
music neg 954.txt what a load of junk . gu 29 cd1 was ok . everything else these two have done separately is pretty useless . make sure you hear a sample before buying this . do n't say you were n't warned . 
music neg 406.txt one word . generic . terrible . boring . ( well , they are all one word ) people must learn to have a better taste in music . granted there is at least one good song . a few others are decent , but only because there are no vocals . if you have heard any new band for the last 3 years , you have heard pulse ultra . my friend likes breaking binjaman ( another uber generic rock band in my book ) and he listened to 2 songs from pulse ultra and said " thats enough " . do yourself a favor and buy a good cd . when will people learn ! 
music neg 876.txt i own all of bebo norman 's cds , and i love all of them , except for this one . i bought it and listened to it once , and i hated it . it does not sound like bebo . this sounds like steven curtis chapman or michael w . smith or any of the other mass produced christian / pop music artists . on all of his previous albums , even though he changed his sound slightly , it was still generally very acoustic and bebo-ish . this album sounds nothing like his previous music . i was disappointed . 
music neg 163.txt as much as i have been a lifelong fan of black moon and buckshot in general this album just lacked the ironically titled " chemistry " between buckshot and 9th wonder . the beats were a bit lackluster and boring and rides that razor thin line of boring and laid back with most of the beats raiding the boredom zone . they are working on a part two so i hope they take their times to create something permament rather than something disposable as this album was . 
music neg 121.txt too lisa loeb for me . sorry . maybe if someone else wrote her lyrics 
music neg 968.txt this cd is , without a doubt amazing . stars are lost because prior to recording , you would think the guitarist would invest in a damn noise gate for his guitar rig . his tone is crushing & sounds perfect , but the second he stops playing , every time ssssqqqqqquuuueeeaaaalllll . it 's annoying to the point of only being able to tolerate so many songs at once , because it is a chronic problem in every song . 
music neg 326.txt this has got to be the worst pile of trash i ever heard , right now i cant think of anything worse then this . the same ol trash bling and girls . and if you got jd and bow wow on your album at the same time , its gonna be wack . and do these n***** even know what franchise mean ? what does that word have to do with their name ? i 'll just start a click called ham & cheese and rap about flip flops and thongs for that matter 
music neg 722.txt i found the music rather annoying . it was not what i expected at all 
music neg 854.txt no one questions lyrics born 's talent , which can be matched by few . his breakneck delivery will make you swear they sped him up in the studio , except then if you go see him do it live ( recommended : he is a charismatic performer ) you realize they didn't . the problem with this release is not , therefore , lyrics born himself . it 's just that there 's not enough interesting things happening around him . there are handful of standout songs on this record , but there is no excuse for it running as many tracks as it does . the skits remind me why i sometimes think the whole idea of skits on cds tired itself out in about 1997 , if not earlier . worse , the fillers sound similar to the hits but less memorable , making the whole album kind of drag , and the grooves , guitar licks and keys , all of which are good in small doses , become sort of flat after a time , especially when joyo velarde is n't singing backup vox . surely a few of the songs could have become b-sides on the single , or something , instead of bloating the album itself . do that there , rise and shine , and one session are my favorite tracks , the ones i would say go buy from the itunes store or something right now . there 's nothing wrong with the rest , i just do n't find myself listening to them much . i like the concept of later that day but it should probably take less time out of the day to listen to 
music neg 57.txt this cd is awesome from beginning to end . i really enjoy listening to this type of music . this cd is a must have . 
music neg 485.txt atleast they are trying this time around . still no where near as good as the band was with max . pros : faster and more back to their roots than the other releases without max at the helm . guitar playing is passable . cons : lack of solos . derrick is still lacking as a vocalist . just is n't as good as old sepultura , songs lack hooks and are mostly forgetable . bottom line : this album falls short of expectations . the current sepultura is nothing more than a very average metal band at best . if you like old sepultura i suggest you not waste your money on this , but then again you might like it . buyer beware 
music neg 567.txt buyer beware . these new journey releases are reissues of their 1996 remastered releases . they are not remastered in 2006. rhino should be ashamed of itself for this ( it 's been 10 years - i would have gladly paid for a remastered version , but not for new packaging ) 
music neg 818.txt while well produced , i was disappointed in the album - mostly because the majority of the tracks were re-recordings . frankie laine still sounds great - but it just was n't the same . i bought the cd to replace a well worn vinyl album , but on listening to the cd i found the songs to all be slightly ( and in a couple of cases very ) , different in tempo and vocal inflection - it 's definitely not the album i 've loved for over 30 years ! high noon in particular is quite different , much slower , with vocal emphasis changed . i 'll probably listen to the cd from time to time , but not with the same relish that i enjoyed my old lp 
music neg 143.txt on an episode of seinfield that is probably overexposed enough as it is , the always wily and oh so goofy character of kramer is playing a game of risk and exclaims that the " ukraine is weeeeak " . this causes him to get a thorough scolding and a little bit of trouble . i think the same basic sentiments work with this new order release . it probably was n't worth the ungodly long eight year wait although it produced the excellent " rock the shack " and of course " crystal " , which i 'll get back to later . unlike kramer i feel i can make this statement safely as i 'm not dealing with a burly , alcohol swigging ukranian , but new order fans , which are n't the most intimidating bunch out there . keyboardist gillian gilbert is not here as she felt taking care of her kids is more important , which it is , maybe . this album features the guitar of billy corgan , the frontman of the seminal 90 's group soundgarden . too bad they could n't get billy to collaborate five years earlier because at this point he was already full blown crazy , and was n't writing very good material or really using his guitar , at all . new order also made the mistake of having corgan to backing vocals . now a synth is high pitched and shrill enough , but to top that off with a billy corgan squealing like a pig cherry is probably not the best choice . so...someone like you is more or less unlistenable . it has some pretty terrible lyrics about how bernard does n't want to wash his car . now i can relate , i would n't want to wash my car in britain since it rains all the time and would probably be an altogether futile affair , but this topic does n't result in the most captivating and well-written material . new order occasionnally want to rawk out with guitars on this album , something they do n't do very often , just like van morrison . now i 'm not sure if i 've heard a van morrison song but i 've always figured it was a give that they rawk out with guitars . case in point of this ` not so good of an idea rawking ' is rock the shack . rock the shack kind of sounds like new order 's take on someone commissioned to write an epic gilligan 's island rock song , pretty amazing huh ? ' 60 miles an hour ' , ` primitive notion ' , and ` close range ' all suffer from being a little too vanilla and a little too bland . new order have patches here where they sound like they might be suffering from the same middle-aged blandness that has crippled other 80 's artist like depeche mode , the cure , and tears for fears ( who 've actually always blown ) . however , they do succeed fully well on two songs here . there is ` crystal ' , which is truly an excellent rock song and show new order can succeed with a harder guitar edge and is probably one of the two or three best songs of new order 's career from the 90 's and beyond . how this did n't get more airplay than it did is a mystery to me , because it has the alternative rock of today written all over it . the other is run wild which is really a great little slow song , in the vein of ` as it is when it was . probably new order 's only full-fledged ballad it serves as a fitting acoustic , moving ending to an otherwise disappointing album . get ready is good beginning and end , just not end between . kind of like that movie twin peaks : fire walk with me 
music neg 632.txt i think they should place a disclaimer at the top advising would be buyers that rosemary clooney does not perform on this cd . it lacks the romance and magic without her . i wish i had read the reviews of this cd before purchasing it , but i was so excited to see the white christmas soundtrack on cd that i just one-clicked it 
music neg 809.txt eight years ago today was the day blondie 's reunion album was released , and though it was great to see blondie back together , no exit just fell short on many levels . 2004 's the curse of blondie ( see my review also on amazon ) is a much better album and should have been their comeback . no exit wo n't exactly take you back to the hooks that made blondie famous . harry 's lyrics are wonderful in " double take , " but the deadpan melody literally kills the song . fans were also not terribly waiting for jazz standards ( " boom boom in the zoom zoom room " ) or revamped demo tracks ( " out in the streets " ) , but the worst cut is the title song that includes a rap verse by coolio . both the band and coolio could have thought of something more productive to sing about . the music is n't catchy either . all is not lost with songs like " night wind sent , " and harry 's own transformation in " forgive and forget , plus who would dare argue blondie 's potential to shake the pop world again when you hear " maria . " as the album 's best track , " maria " is a wonderful reminder of how blondie , and debbie , can still create an infectious pop song that leaves a template on the mind 
music neg 375.txt i love the who , a big part of my youth , probably in my dna , but let 's not kid ourselves : this is professional rock and roll made by professional rock and rollers . is there any lyric here that pete has n't written before ? still writing about getting your first hit single ? ! and sadly the music sounds like face dances and all the best cowboys..etc , but not the who sell out or empty glass . the band itself sounds faceless , generic . the only redeeming features are the raspy passion in roger 's voice and pete 's right hand . i hope the complete album makes garbage of this review , but unless pete has written truthfully and passionately about something or anything of what his life and the world has been like in the last twenty years i 'm afraid , like wire & glass , it will only be a rehash of previous works , no matter how good it sounds . here 's hoping i 'm wrong 
music neg 630.txt i remember buying a record by dna when it first came out...and i was really surprised later when arto lindsay and the ambitious lovers were able to turn this mess into great music . this is very unprofessiona 
music neg 330.txt i ca n't say i liked this cd . jessica simpson was good when she started , but as her popularity has grown , her talents have declined . she commited murder the day she recorded senatra 's song for " the dukes of hazard " movie 
music neg 92.txt this music is a rip off . all is borrowed to the 4 first albums of marc bolan playing under the name of tyranosaurus rex . something more bluesy here and there but nothing allowing to give any credit to this guy . a shame 
music neg 398.txt i was unable to play in my car cd player , so only choice i got is to listen at home using my home dvd player . 
music neg 839.txt ...and im happy about it ! i think i might cry if'n it shows up again . fareals . if albums where 3 dimensional this wouldn e'en make the c-side ! i love me some roy , but bruh hurt me with this one . i forgive him tho , cause he done gave me much much pleasure up til now.. . ...um , hope that came out right . *pimp struts off stage / pounds chest with gorilla fist / machismo free flowing* m'out yall , peace ! 
music neg 156.txt this movie was only good because of two reasons . rammstein , and queens of the stone age . other than that , completel out of control p.o.s. that keeps its viewers contemplating whether they have died and this movie is their eternal punishment in hell 
music neg 263.txt periodically throughout eric clapton 's solo career , his music mellows out to such an extent that it barely resembles rock ' n ' roll . his self-titled debut got his solo career off to an unimpressive start , and his most recent offering , & quot ; reptile , & quot ; makes adult contemporary sound exciting . a similar weak period occurred in the late 1970s through the early 1980s , with & quot ; backless , & quot ; & quot ; another ticket , & quot ; and & quot ; money & amp ; cigarrettes&quot ; all competing for title of clapton 's most forgetable album . the country is mellow , the blues are mellow , and even the rockers are mellow . this is easy listening for classic rock fans 
music neg 959.txt i have to admit that even though i am a big fan of diesel boy , this cd was very boring . the beats are too similar on every track , and the cd as a whole just has no & quot ; feeling&quot ; to it . if you want to hear him at his best , by 97 octane 
music neg 449.txt so this is the winner of plop idol from the u.k then . well they do n't come prettier than this from scotland i guess , that 's for sure . as far as the music is concerned , avoid ! it 's nothing but a calchony of crap . perhaps michelle should stick at something she is good at - eating chips and mars bars 
music neg 383.txt i 've seen and heard sheryl live when she 's not surrounded by rock and roll dinosaurs . she 's great - she 's hip , self-assured and kicks butt ! but here , she tells the audience in " leaving las vegas " : " i 'm playing central park tonight.. . but i have some friends coming up so can you be patient...please ? for lil ' ol ' me ? be very patient... . " almost begging the audience not to walk out while she 's singing solo . it 's almost as if she knows that the audience will have to suffer her solo attempts until the " friends " arrive . the irony is that sheryl solo is the best part of the album . with the others on board , we ca n't see what sheryl can do , and those familiar with her know that sheryl is capable of a lot . she 's overwhelmed by keith richard , stevie nicks , eric clapton , chrissie hynde and by including so many rock gods she herself is diminished in importance and stature . her songs " it do n't hurt " and " there goes the neighborhood " stand out on the album showing that sheryl can rock harder and better than any of her " friends . " too bad she did n't include " am i getting through " - - the part 2 of that was a great rock moment . natalie maines ' grating voice ( like fingernails on a chalkboard ) completely ruin " strong enough . " chrissie sounds like a zombie on " if it makes you happy " , sarah mclaughlin is so hopelessly unhip and white-bread in her lilith-fair mode that she adds nothing to " a difficult kind " ...in fact , by the end of the song sarah seems to disappear from the song as sheryl belts it to the end . that 's sheryl 's song and should remain so , tombstone blues stands out for its guitar work and the best part of " all i wanna do " is the new york audience . happy , white room and gold dust woman are three classic rock standards , so overplayed that anyone who grew up to 70 's fm aor radio has heard them ad nauseaum . problem here is that nothing new is added to them , they sound like karaoke versions . despite sheryl 's plea for patience , i was bored with the old-timers.they did n't bring sheryl 's career forward , only backwards 
music neg 348.txt these are the same tracks from totally buble which was released without buble 's consent . " totally buble " is not an album that i wanted to be released . they were songs i recorded for a film called " totally blonde " many years ago before i was signed to 143 / reprise records . the decision to release it as an album was made by the film 's producer , and i had no control over stopping him . it is important for everyone to know , that i only want to release quality music to my fans by offering my best work and i sincerely apologize if you purchased this album . " - michael buble 
music neg 772.txt sean " puffy " combs , puffy daddy , sean john , p diddy or diddy . when he figures out what he wants to be called is when i figure out if i like him . meanwhile , there still is n't one good dvd set for star wars . 
music neg 162.txt when will amazon allow a zero stars rating ? ? ? ? 
music neg 712.txt i honestly feel that tesla reached the end here . after " psychotic supper " failed to get the label support that it desparately needed the group just fell apart . with this the whole metal scene was falling away anyhow as grunge was dying off after the death of kurt cobain , and here was tesla trying to make up it 's mind what way to go . with the opening track " the gate " it sounded like they were going to head back to the hair days of the 80 's , but then the next song " solution " they played like a lost and wandering band of the 90's . the rest of the songs just followed suit . the groups slogan is " no machines " , but there 's also another slogan at foot here , and that 's " no music direction " , and for some bands that 's possibly a workable concept as long as there 's an inkling of where the bands roots are . with tesla it 's all over the board where they would score a top 10 hit with an acoustic version of the song " signs " , which is a rock song , to where they do a cover here of joe south 's " games people play " . i feel that tesla failed to show thier influences here , and was just trying to make a living ; which is not a bad thing , but it pretty much kept them at a cult status . i pretty much had this album , but did n't listen to it at the time as i was trying to leave the secular music scene behind , and just move onto christianity , and i know the album lurked around in my head all this time , so i felt it was time to face it ; i feel that the album is below par for a group that can do some memorable songs , and to me it seems they wanted out of the label , and possibly away from each other . 
music neg 856.txt this product is listed as " limited edition special packaging " at a cost of $30.99. it 's nothing but an ordinary cd in a plastic jewel case with a " made in hong kong " sticker on the back . it 's the import version . there 's nothing " special " about the packaging . save your money and get the domestic version for $14. the album itself is awesome by the way . nick cave continues to make fantastic albums . even though i feel ripped-off by amazon 's inaccurate advertising i must say this album is totally worth having . this is raw and noisy . it 's removed from the introspective albums that nick cave has produced with the bad seeds recently but is better conceived than any birthday party record ever was . it 's not the bad seeds . it 's not the birthday party . it 's grinderman ! to be fair , i asked amazon to refund the price difference between this misleading product and the domestic version , the difference being about $17.. they agreed and i got my refund in no time . thanks amazon , great customer service 
music neg 250.txt the second cd was scratched and hence i cannot play it . i would appreciate it if you would send me another one and also include the information needed to return the damaged one sent to me . thanks . jeann 
music neg 654.txt this lifts your heart to god as you listen . beautifully done 
music neg 73.txt i bought this album because i loved the title song . it 's such a great song , how bad can the rest of the album be , right ? well , the rest of the songs are just filler and are n't worth the money i paid for this . it 's either shameless bubblegum or oversentimentalized depressing tripe . kenny chesney is a popular artist and as a result he is in the cookie cutter category of the nashville music scene . he 's gotta pump out the albums so the record company can keep lining their pockets while the suckers out there keep buying this garbage to perpetuate more garbage coming out of that town . i 'll get down off my soapbox now . but country music really needs to get back to it 's roots and stop this pop nonsense . what country music really is and what it is considered to be by mainstream are two different things . 
music neg 740.txt do you love " on eagles wings " ? if the answer is yes , then do you know the words to panis angelicus ? the answer is probably " no . " i do n't blame you for liking this cd . the problem is that it is n't catholic and it is n't classic . you should ask yourself if you are willing to entertain the songs that catholics have enjoyed for thousands of years . if you are willing to look beyond the guitars at your local mass , start with sacred songs by bocelli , or simply baroque by yo yo ma 
music neg 912.txt i bought kayslays pain from the game about a week before it came out in most stores ( my local cd store likes to sell their copies ahead of schedule ; ) . i read that it featured production by swizz beatz , kanye west , eminem and the heatmakerz . and as far as rappers go , most of the shady / aftermath camp is on here somewhere along with a ton of other big artists ( fat joe , ghostface killah , raekwon , scarface , memphis bleek and prodigy , etc ) . so i expected this cd to be a big step up from the streetsweeper volume 1 mixtape ( which i would give 3 stars at best ) . but for all the talent on this cd there 's not many good songs . i thought the production was pretty weak . some no name guy produced most of the cd but even the kanye west , swizz beatz and eminem tracks are pretty bland . if you have to have every song your favorite rapper or producer ever made , grab this disc . if your looking for good music leave this one alone 
music neg 397.txt i went into this a pretty big golden smog fan eager for a new effort from the guys . with tweedy 's songwriting having taken a great upward swing in recent years and with louris ' departure from the jayhawks , i was hoping we 'd see a few more tweedy gems and some great tunes from the past few years since louris ' " rainy day music " was released . now , while there are some really good songs here , nothing really comes close to the " red-headed stepchilds , " " radio kings , " or " jennifer save mes . " the album lacks something but i ca n't put my finger on it . it almost sounds like a band that has too much focus . considering golden smog started as a buncha musician friends sitting around , drinking beer , and goofing off , this album feels wrong . it does n't have that sing-along feel ( with the exception of possibly one or two songs ) that the first couple albums ( and even ep ) had . just a little lackluster and , considering the amount of louris has his hand in on this one , almost comes off as an album of jayhawks throw-aways 
music neg 515.txt there 's a reason oar flopped when it was released back in 1969 : it sucks . thirty eight years later , with skip spence safely in his grave , some now give this pitiful mess *five* stars . since you ca n't give more than five stars here , they 're saying oar is on a level with masterpieces like sergeant pepper.. . dark side of the moon.. . led zeppelin 4.... ! just between you and me , i think the government is still secretly drugging people . with all due respect to skip 's venerable memory , oar is a painful aural experience . the first two tracks , little hands and cripple creek , are halfway good , and show some production values ; but things quickly deteriorate from there . one gets the impression the rest of oar was cobbled together in the recording studio just prior to taping - then put in the can after only one or two takes . lastly , the bass playing and drumming are just awful . yes , it 's too bad that things ended up like they did for skip . and it 's hard not to sympathize with him - he flew high only to crash hard . but let 's keep a sense of perspective : his tragedy did not translate into good music . one extra star in his memory . 
music neg 499.txt i like meav 's voice , and this cd is ok , if you like this kind of stuff . think slow and somewhat depressing . i think irish music has moved on so much since bill whehlan of riverdance brought it into the modern times , and came up with this vocal sound , i guess to hark back to earlier times , which worked well because riverdance has so much contrast in it and the choir songs only appear as relief to the other music . this is all a bit samey and dull . i would say saved by this lady 's fine voice though 
music neg 311.txt i bought this album because i am so into sigur ros at the moment and it seems all the reviews i read say that " ...if you like sigur ros you will like mbv. . " let me say this album is no where near a sigur ros experience . if i could compare them to anyone it would be very early cocteau twins , though i must be clear i do n't think the singer is anywhere close to the artistic sense and vocal talent of elizabeth fraser . it would be more palatable if the production value was higher....it sounds terrible . the sound quality is comparable to some old vhs tapes i have from the mid 80 's that i recorded off the tv ( then soaked in water for a few days ! ) . 
music neg 340.txt i want this guy to succeed so badly , yet he just could n't pull it off . his voice has a great sound to it , pleasant to the ears , yet his interpretation was just not there . his phrasing was very lazy and boring most times . it seemed like he did n't know where to start the next word . and he also sounded out of breath . he sounded so out of breath that i started gasping for air...i had to stop listening . to add to that , john 's vibrato sounded washed out and faded in places where it needed to be stronger . i truly hope with age and experience he improves . there 's no reason why he should not . he 's not in the catagory of a buble ' or connick jr. yet . 
music neg 508.txt i do n't see the comparison to jeff buckley at all ! that was a singer who had more talent in his little pinky than this band has on the entire album . all the songs are much too similar , the guy 's voice gets boring to listen to after a while and , if you remember london suede , has a very similar sound to them ( though i will say that london suede was much better ) . no one has come close to the pipes of j . buckley ( or even tim b . , for that matter ) in years and this does n't count any where near that , either 
music neg 67.txt jeff buckley sounds like what marc bolan would have sounded like if bolan had taken perry como as his musical muse . seriously , think about marc bolan trying to sound like a ' 50 's crooner and you 'll know what jeff buckley sounds like 
music neg 922.txt after breaking the collective hearts of the soft rock-loving populace by leaving the powerhouse group chicago , traitor cetera made a half-baked attempt to reconcile himself with his fanbase by recording this stinker . it 's coincidental that the first track is titled " big mistake " , as if traitor knew his leaving one of the premier groups of our time was the worst decision he would ever make . i bought this album way back in 1986 with some birthday money , and after i had listened to the album once , i made myself go and apologize to all of my family members for wasting their money so foolishly . what else is here ? oh , you have the " karate kid ii " ballad " glory of love " , a tune so nauseating it 's made me completely ignore the second film in the canon , and go straight from the original " karate kid " to " iii " and " next " whenever i do my yearly film marathon . i just pretend the second film never existed . it also has the semi-smash " next time i fall " , where traitor makes it a point to hog the spotlight completely from guest vocalist amy grant . in short , if you a ) thought cetera 's leaving chicago was a great decision , or b ) like your music pointless and nauseating , by all means get this album . if you want music with real heart and soul , just go buy some chicago . you 'll be glad you did 
music neg 26.txt i really really really really like allison moorer . have been a fan since her first record , have road-tripped to see her numerous times , and love her songwriting and singing . that said - - " getting somewhere " is by far the least satisfying of her records . no memorable songs . over-produced . no " guts " , as another reviewer said . when the allison moorer / doyle " butch " primm songwriting team called it quits ( in more ways than one ) , their lennon / mccartney-caliber teamwork was lost . not that moorer sounds like the beatles , but allison and butch complemented each other well when composing music . this cd is not only unmemorable but i doubt i would care to ever listen to it again . such a shame . i 've never had anything negative to say about allison in the 8 years i 've been a fan . but this cd left me cold . it hurts a bit to say this , but i cannot recommend this cd . the closest analogy i can think of that relates to how different this cd is from her earlier work is the b-story line from an episode of " the larry sanders show " . in that episode , sanders ' head writer phil ( played by wallace langham ) finally got himself a girlfriend and was happy . as a result he lost his edge . when he was a miserable person he was an edgy , cynical , funny jokewriter . when he was a happy person he stopped being the kind of funny that he needed to be to do his job . same with moorer . since her recent changes in her social life she has started " singing a sweeter tune " in her life , but it came with a cost . she does n't seem to be the same songwriter anymore and it was that " other " songwriter who was so good - - a little edgy , sad , sometimes bitter , or at least that 's how i interpreted it . granted , that was n't her entire oeuvre , but it is what made her songs special for me . now she 's happy and she might as well be writing songs for barney the dinosaur 
music neg 243.txt i got this cd after seeing what i remembered as a decent video on fuse tv . maybe i was half-asleep , because after listening to this ho-hum entry into the world of emo copycats , i ca n't even remember or recognize which song it was . this album is ultimately forgettable- - better off listening to any jimmy eat world cd again and again , which is actually an enjoyable experience 
music neg 657.txt this album sounds to much like pop music than hardcore reggaeton . they even have that rbd boyband in this piece . a few years ago lt saved reggaeton with their producing skills now it looks like they set out to kill the monster they created with this embarrasing album transforming a music of the streets into the music even grandmas like and that is scary . the only reason for the two star is because the zion and the arcangel & de la ghetto songs . if you wanna hear some real reggaeton look for producers like dj memo , meka , mambo kings , dj wassie & dj fat this dudes are doin it right and keepin reggaeton calle my friend 
music neg 487.txt for fans , i suppose this would be a rather big delight ; for non-fans , it 's nothing that will turn you on to the band from jersey . they had some okay , cheesy hits in the ' 80s - but listening to some of their modern songs from this collection proves how completely out of touch they are nowadays 
music neg 414.txt there 's nothing in this i 'd say even remotely resembles jazz . it 's repetitive , has a rock beat , and consists mostly of licks taken from other players . if you 're looking for backrgound music to play in a waiting room , this might be a good choice 
music neg 496.txt if you 're looking for billie in her prime , look elsewhere . all the music on this cd was recorded between ' 45 and ' 47 after she had lost her voice . look for the classic recording of strange fruit from ' 39 on one of the other cds available . 
music neg 685.txt david bowie always walked a thin line between commercially acceptable and just plain commercial . this is the first time he fell off and became just plain commercial . a disco-esque record , it 's remembered more fondly than it was received by bowie fans at the time . it has some good moments , but overall the production is just too slick and there 's a dearth of imagination on it - china girl is an old iggy pop song , cat people is just a newer version of a previous single and criminal world is a cover of a song by metro , meaning there 's a grand total of five new songs on it . china girl proves a perfect foil for bowie 's melodramatic vocals , cat people is still great even when smothered in too much production and modern love proves that you 're ( nearly ) always gonna get at least one classic on a bowie album . ironically , while it made him a global megastar , this record also marked the start of bowie 's alarmingly swift fall from grace . if he 'd stuck to the highly original work he 'd churned out before this , he 'd probably have had his moment in the sun anyway.. . and nobody could have accused him of selling out . now , what 's that they say about hindsight 
music neg 152.txt boston have to be one of the worst bands ever ! ! the singer screams and they made some of the lousiest songs like rock n roll band , and the horrible more than a feeling . they would not hold a candle to smart bands like metallica who rock ! i just got metallica 's 4th lp today . get and justice for all by metallica insted 
music neg 408.txt this is the 4th worse song to be put out in 2006. seriously , this is awful . very juvenile and materialistic . this guy and his rented chains need to disapear . what a waste 
music neg 118.txt this album is disgusting . no musical talent . this people are the farthest thing from musicians . if you enjoy overproduced music , and a rip off of fellow label mates fob and p ! atd - buy this . it is boring and it is a weak attempt at a record . shaant ca n't sing either . go back to buffalo 
music neg 224.txt maybe its just me but the piano is out of tune badly enough that it should not have been recorded . i had to force myself to finish listening to the concerto and did not even bother with the rest . sad piece of work 
music neg 464.txt blatant sentimentality without any touch of irony or wit = elefant 's lyrics . i personally like interpol and the strokes ; i resent that they are being compared to these cheeseballs 
music neg 384.txt the dvd says : nelly - the longest yard , boom , fly away and errtime ; no doubt - hella good ; natasha barr - move ; nicole kindle - oh my , oh my ! ; lynard skynard - saturday night special ; murphy lee - stomp ; jet - are you gonna be my girl ; the hollies - long cool woman ( in a black dress ) ; 216 - u should know ; public enemy - give it up and opus de soul ; d12 - my ballz and peter gunn theme ; michael kamen & buckethead - jack & the ripper ; mountain - mississippi queen ; methods of mayhem - narcotic ; the crystal method - roll it up ; big head todd & the monsters - boom boom ; ccr - have you ever seen the rain and bootleg ; david shire - fall-off truck and cats & dogs ; thomas newman - creek house ; wayne hancock - railroad blues ; norman greenbaum - spirit in the sky ; union turnpike - oh ; ludacris feat . lazyeye - get back ( clean rock mix ) ; ac / dc - thunderstruck and if you want blood ( you 've got it ) ; red hot chili peepers - higher ground ; kool keith & kutmasas kurt - break u off ; univ of southern california - usc drum cadence ; tracie spencer - still in my heart ; yea that 's different and prolly a double cd...off to itunes : ) 
music neg 203.txt their new stuff is even worse . but this is still sexist , boring , annoying music at its worst . there are much better artists out there , so why listen to these two untalented rappers 
music neg 569.txt garbage metal - music for the american mainstream to feed on . i saw them open for slayer about 4-5 years back , and they had about 5 guys on stage doing nothing except jumping up and down . how pathetic ! pick up some real metal... . like old kreator . 
music neg 660.txt this tribute was announced almost ten years ago , and it seems to have undergone a transformation since then . to be fair , there are some interesting additions such as the sufjan stevens and brad mehldau tracks . and emmylou harris is brilliant . but sarah mclachlan 's " blue " has been heard before as has prince 's " a case of you . " earlier reports indicated contributions from heaviweights like steely dan and lindsey buckingham . i sure would like to have heard what they would have done . even more disappointing is that joni 's hejira-mingus era albums are mostly ignored - and that was her best music , in my opinion . as a final indignity , it sounds to me that too much compression was added in the mastering phase , and hence the overall sound quality of the cd is lacking in dynamics . 
music neg 858.txt diana krall 's popularity is not hard to understand , she 's easy on the eyes and possesses a fine voice - rich , round , and polished . but that 's where the good news ends . the selection of material and the narcoleptic bossa-nova-on-the-rocks arrangements combine to create a cd that is nothing less than a love song to darvon , in fact , inside industry sources maintain that the entire cd was recorded in the frozen food section of a supermarket late at night in order to eliminate the middle man . the rule with standards is , do n't do them unless you can bring something fresh to the fair . ms. krall beats these exhausted warhorses mercilessly ; cruel and unusual punishment considering it 's a wonder they 're still standing . the resuscitation of popsicle toes is both the final insult and injury , for blissful years this sliver of saccharine twaddle resided in richly deserved obscurity ; how could she do this to us ? wherever there are hotel lobbies occupied by mildly inebriated people who are n't listening to each other , much less the ambient audio wallpaper , there will be a demand for music of this type . the diana kralls of the world can always find work because for many - smooth equals good . walk , do n't krall . beyond this woozy , soft-focused world there is music that is real , and really matters . 
music neg 17.txt how can he be such an enormous talent when all he does is copy off of other people ? sorry i just cant see it . i dont think he does justice to nolan porter 's " if i could only be sure " on the first track at all : if you want to hear some great music listen to the original ! ! ! 
music neg 591.txt i read several different on-line reviews for this cd before i purchased it . each seemed to imply that this cd was a new direction for jaci , that her lyrics were bolder and the overall sound was much more independent in nature . strange . i must have purchsed the prozac copy of this cd because there is nothing new here from her . like my title line to this review states , it 's the exact same music she has always sang , just in a different package . now the cd just collects dust . what a shame 
music neg 142.txt you know , after really trying to like this album , i must agree with k johnson . oftentimes a really good album sounds horrible ( or just plain plain ) upon one or three spins , so when this album did n't move me the first time , i decided to hang back and try again in a few days . then again . and again . and one more time . usually after three or four complete spins ( which was like work , with this one ) the jems will work there way to the surface . sufjian stevens was like that . so was z by my morning jacket . but the problem was that i really wanted to like this one . all the reviews i read were hyping this as the album of the decade , and i wanted them to be right . unfortunately , none of them were right . it is a plodding , lifeless album wanting desperately to be ' hip ' and failing miserably , to the point of being embarassing almost . like your 40 something hipster college prof with a graying ponytail ( who will love this , by the way ) , it will be pointless to argue with those who like this album . i have to say that it is obvious these guys put a lot of work into this , and they do have talent ; it just does n't get me there . i hope they can live up to the hype next time . i truly do. . 
music neg 688.txt save your money on this one . it 's sooooooo bland - with no jams ! what a disappointment . can i get a refund 
music neg 328.txt what they said was that katy ca n't rock just yet because she 's a raw talent and not yet coherent in theme . i saw her live on the chicks with attitude tour with liz phair and the cardigans and charlotte martin and rose was the worst performer of the night . the first problem is that her voice just is n't that strong , secondly , her lyrics never come out as if they 're honest and as if they are always a pretension that people feel a cool girl growing up should say . throughout her set , there was only one song that stuck out as an interesting and unique thing ( passingly honest as well ) and that was " snowflake . " it 's fitting that the song was preceded by an ironic intro about how she 's lived in california for a long time , but she hates warm weather , sounds impossible , but she must be truthful because it 's the only song that breaks out of the leaden grunge guitar mix and hits the audience over the head with songcraft . i 'm sure she has potential for the future , but i think on her next album she should take a hint from beth orton who 's known previous to her most recent album for being a popular artist in the realm of trip hop . stripping down your sound brings the utmost fundamentals of your idea and sound out , and i think that could be helpful for her to put on record 
music neg 568.txt first they started out as nu-metal , then they moved onto metalcore , and now psuedo-death metal . it should be no surprise to the fools who listen to this garbage that they are clearly following trends , and after each trend dies , they just move on to another one . if my calculations are correct , expect a psuedo-black metal release . but , what about the musicians ? sure , they have a fast drummer...who likes to trigger alot , then they have two guitarists...who like to steal pantera riffs , and then they have the singer , who , well , sounds just like all the rest . atleast they dont have the dj anymore ( oh wait , they do , nevermind . ) enough of my rambling , how does this untalented group of posers fair up ? well , image if mushroomhead went metalcore . ' nuff said . avoid 
music neg 513.txt as much as i like most of the songs on this cd...it 's just too short . also the production is lousy . the recording quality sounds awful in places . hopefully , the updated compilations are better . this one is not worth the money ! ! ! 
music neg 387.txt i agree complete with erik cobbett . this is covenant 's most unnecessary and boring album ever . there are a couple of nice parts on it , but generally it 's a big disappointment . 
music neg 929.txt item never came . however in their defense refund was promptly given out . i only wish that i had a chance to receive this one 
music neg 233.txt this album is way overated , let me tell you why . wack mc : mf doom is a bad rapper , not the worst , just bad . he can flow but his rymes are weak , corny , and somtimes it doesnt make sense at all . the corniest ryme i heard was - " we rock the house like rock ' n roll / got more soul than a sock with a hole . " lmao ! it gets worse " take it from the tec-9 holder / they bit and dont know they neck shine from shinola " what is he talking about ? ? ? he is not a genius mc , nas is , he is even worse than aesop rock . which they rap with words and dont even make any sense . filler : this cd has too much filler , they have like 10 songs that last only 50 secs . some of them is not even neccasary . average beats : the beats are either average or just sucks . i can make better beats on fruity loops . however track 22 " rhinestone cowboy " had the best beat on the entire album . the beat was hot to tell you the truth , but that only gives it one star . overall this album sucks , just download " rhinestone cowboy " and call it a day . i think madlib can make good beats its just that he didnt show it here . i dont recommend this album , if you want a good album get mos def " black on both sides " it 10x better than this 
books neg 729.txt i have introduced many of my ell , high school students to lois lowery and the depth of her characters . she is a brilliant writer and capable of inspiring fierce passion in her readers as they encounter shocking details of her utopian worlds . i was anxious to read this companion novel and had planned to share it with my class this january . although the series is written for 6th graders and older , this book 's simplicity , in its message , language and writing style will inspire no one . i am sadly disappointed 
books neg 120.txt first off i 'd like to tell you that this is only the second star wars book i 've ever read , ' jedi search ' being the first . i actually liked the first book , it drew upon the star wars lore well and was a decent read . however , this book made me groan in so many places that i felt almost compelled to create an account here to have a little rant about it ( be warned , this may contain a few spoilers ) . thusly : how much of the book was wasted with overly long descriptions ? it reminds me of a ' little britain ' sketch where a woman author is dictating her new book and starts reading the bible out to make up the space ! i do n't mind the story being 20-odd pages shorter if it comes to the point ! for some bizarre reason the author seems to have taken every opportunity to ' ground ' the story by constantly relating to the star wars films . for example , when wedge and the scientist go to that forest-resort planet and meet the alien ambassador there , he says something along the lines of : i was actually in the cantina in mos eisley when luke met han and chewbacca , little did i know the brush i had with history there... . gahhhhhhh ! ! ! why ! ? how did he know ! ? it did n't need it ! ! *bangs head on desk* he does this throughout the two books i 've read so far ! ! how about the will to stick your own neck out and come up with something new without ' proving ' that it 's true by telling the readers that it was from a certain scene in one of the films ? then there 's admiral daala . made an admiral because of her brilliant military skills and quick thinking... . so what is she doing in this ? she 's reviewing recordings of speeches given by tarkin over military tactics and following them to the letter and losing ! it 's only the end of the second book and she 's down to 1 star destroyer ! she should live up to her reputation and at least have a few successful campaigns before the inevitable happens . ( i.e. the rebellion win ) he then goes on to waste an absolutely brilliant idea , that of having a jedi academy ( the point of the trilogy ! ) . there 's so much that could have been done here - new and original training for the jedi , but no - he has the jedi go two-by-two into the forest ( holding hands ? ) to *sense* things.. . it 's meant to be a sci-fi series ! something could have been done to make this so much better ! i was incensed to find that luke was actually made ' boring ' in this book . part of my motivation for starting to read the series in the first place was to see how luke had grown . it all started very promisingly in the first book , having learnt that luke had turned to the dark side and come through it all with the love of his friends and was now more powerful than ever ! ( cool ! i thought ) . it got to the stage where i 'd dread coming back to the jedi parts of the story because he was so dull . the other trainee jedi needed serious character development ( they were 1 dimensional ! ) - entering every scene with luke surveying them noting how well they were progressing just was n't good enough . as other reviewers have said - one of his students goes rogue , somehow gains the knowledge of building a super-lightsabre ( great idea btw ! ! we need more of that ! ) then is discovered burnt to death in his quarters.. . and luke just meditates about it ! ? *grr* okay all that being said it was ' okay ' and on the strength of the first book i will be reading the next book ( it 's like a car accident - you 've just got to look ! ) . 
books neg 816.txt not even worth finishing this book ! this author does not know enough to even write this book ! i have personal connections with blackwater and i know not one of the employees is even close to what he makes them out to be . it is a one sided story not based on facts , which it what most writers do , but purely fiction ! the only few misfortunes blackwater has had is what he bases his book on , not the postive stories that i hear about everyday . do n't waste your money 
books neg 272.txt as a certified information systems security professional , i can definitively state that this book does not cover everything that needs to be covered or in any depth whatsoever . i got this book based on the glowing reviews i found here , and i 'm at a loss as to why these reviews would have recommended it . the most aggrevating part about this book is the subtitle " an integrated approach to security in the organization . " the book not only lacks effective security integration techniques , it does n't seem to address the entire organization where it tries its half-hearted integration . 
books neg 598.txt easily the worst textbook i encountered during my undergraduate years . unfocused , sparse , and almost completely lacking example problems . riggs touches briefly on lots of topics and treats none of them completely , leaving the reader lacking any notion of how process control actually works in real life . i 'm not a big fan of the book by seborg et al . either , but if you have to choose between the two , go with seborg 
books neg 314.txt i bought bead fantasies and bead fantasies ii at the same time after reading the positive reviews ; i wish i had looked at these books before buying . there are pretty motifs that i will incorporate into my beading projects but i find the small typed directions overly simplistic and the diagrams are too small . i 'm glad this is n't my first beading book or i would feel totally discouraged from trying any of these projects . i wo n't be buying bead fantasies iii . the art and elegance of beadweaving and coraling technique remain my favorite beading books . 
books neg 52.txt this book was on a very interseting topic . the author took time in studying this topic . it was about the impending world oil shortage . that is the time when we , the world , will run out of oil . it tells you about hubbert 's analysis of the time or year when the world will run out of oil . they then talk about a lot of other things like where oil comes from . then they talk about where oil is . they also talk about drilling for oil . they say it takes people over 20 drills to find oil . sometimes it will take even more time then that . then they talk about the size of oil fields . they also reexamine hubbert 's analysis later on in the book . rate plots is brought up because the more people driving the less oil we will have in the future . they talk about the future to fossil fuels and discuss elctricity and natural gases . they also talk about how much we already have so when oil runs out we need to think about all the stuff we already have . hubbert was a brilliant man . some gas companys tried to make him stay quiet but he did n't want to he told everybody . the author was ver knowledgable and i could tell he knew what he was talking about . i would n't recommend this book to anybody unless they are very smart and want to know about the impending world oil shortage . i say again the author took time in studying this topic but that was his downfall in that he went into to much depth and made it boring . when you read it you can tell the author knew what he was talking about but he got to much into detail which is very boring . i gave it a low rating because i have a short attenion span so it was hard enough for me to make it through this book 
books neg 204.txt this book is undoubtedly very good value for a birding handbook ( certainly by european standards ) . but the physical packaging is a total disaster . it has a ridiculously rigid spine and tiny page margins . it is difficult to read text near the spine , and virtually impossible to keep the book open on a particular page . the most unuseable book i 've ever experienced 
books neg 627.txt this book is a cure for insomnia . if i ever have trouble falling to sleep , i 'll just dig out my old " flatland " book , and i 'll probably be fast asleep a few minutes later ! listening to the a . square character telling us about his flat , two dimensional world is not thought provoking , its just confusing ! trying to imagine life in two dimensions is truely mind numbing . i mean i understand what flatland would be like , but only after i carefully think out what mr. square is saying . i spent more time trying to comprehend the two dimensional reality of flatland than i do enjoying the story . not very interesting at all , even two stars is being generous 
books neg 197.txt each story has a different author...however they all use the same verbage . their either all friends or the same person . i do not like this book nor does my husband 
books neg 46.txt i was expecting this book to be a great story , but very disappointed . i cannot believe the publisher allowed the author to publish this book as it is . the book is insipid and dull , has no flow , no story , or no plot . let me present an example . i have read many insightful newsweek articles by a writer allan sloan . for example , sloan describes a sprint merger event in this way , " if talk is getting cheaper , why did mci worldcom pay $115 billion to buy sprint ? the once staid phone companies have launched a merger blitzkrieg in an effort to emerge at the center of the wired world . can regulators handle the complex new order.... . " it has a clear logical axis , and has a force to attract readers into it . but jeter describes it like this , " the merger announcement of worldcom and sprint spurred building activity around worldcom headquarters as real estate developers readied for economic prosperity . the real estate inventory swelled with new planned unit.... . " it always presents off-center , trivial detail which makes a reader bored . 70% of books are consumed to described a dry and dull fact , like " the merger of company a & b raised the stock to $x " etc. there is no insight here . but unfortunately , unlike enron scandal , there is no other book that centered on the worldcom scandal . you would get much better comprehension by collecting articles in newsweek or business week , if you have lexisnexis or ebiscohost . 
books neg 286.txt my mother bought this for me for christmas . she used the " available new and used " section to get it a little cheaper . she ended up paying $160 or so . when i put this on my wish list i thought that this hardcover version would be the arabic-english / english-arabic , considering that it was $175 and the paperback of the arabic-english only was available for $45. as it turns out , this is only the hardcover of the arabic-english only . so for one , my mother paid an additional $115 for only the hardcover version of a book that i could have gotten in the paperback for $45. i still do not have the english-arabic of the hans wehr edition 
books neg 362.txt this book is outdated for the 21st century . the basics are there and in great detail but most of the information is useless for today 
books neg 909.txt same old gw bunch of ridiculous opinions . i thought this one might be better , but no.. . now even pine is n't good enough - it has to be 100 year old pine 
books neg 182.txt being a second generation member of this so called " cult " and having parents that went through the same situation as the author , i can say that he must have too weak to fulfill his duty to god and true parents...it 's very sad when a member must leave . by sacrifcing you are able to develop a stronger relationship with god . hope this helps. . 
books neg 508.txt i 'm a wiccan who formally practices within a traditional gardnerian coven , but practices eclectically within my private practice . i read this book because i had heard that it was recommended to my local library by a christian ; purportedly , wicca 's charm was written by an impartial writer . immediately , you realize that this is n't true . catherine sanders has a clearly stated agenda : that wiccans are simply misguided and misunderstand that what they long for is offered by christianity . i could write a long review debating the merits of sanders ' arguments . instead , i suggest that you consider this if deciding whether to read this book which sanders claims to have thoroughly researched . she relies on the writings of margot adler , carol christ , starhawk and phyllis curott ( with barely a nod to scott cunningham and ronald hutton ) to draw many of her conclusions . yet , missing from her notes are such writers as the farrars , merlin stone , raymond buckland , isaac bonewits , patricia crowley , and the matthews , to name just a few outstanding contributors to neopaganism 's base of knowledge . too often , sanders relies on the statements of young wiccans she interviewed who come across as silly and naive . in another case , she bases her thesis that women 's spirituality ( e.g. , goddess worship ) is misguided and that christianity fits the same spiritual needs that women are seeking via one speech that she heard margot adler give shortly after 9 / 11. sanders requests both christians and neopagans to read her book with an open mind . a fair request . but as you 're reading , closely check out her endnotes and analyze for yourself if this book was truly researched with objectivity in mind , or whether sanders limited herself to sources that would support her belief that christianity has everything that a wiccan desires . one needs to go no further than to consider that as sanders attempts to persuade the reader that christianity has always embraced the value of women that not once does she analyze the epistles of paul . 
books neg 981.txt i was extremely disappointed with " after midnight " . the author , his widow , has written the book from her own life 's perspective , and there is sadly little about the true brad davis . his homosexuality , or perhaps bisexuality , is mentioned only in passing , and anyone in new york or hollywood that knew him will tell you that this was a huge part of his life . i guess a book written by his wife ca n't be expected to delve too deeply into this area , but even other interesting details - his drug addiction , his acting technique , etc. are only minimally suggested here . i wanted to put the book down after two chapters , but kept waiting for it to get interesting . i suggest the publishers retitle the book " my life with brad davis - the saga of a wife kept in the dark " , or something similar , to indicate to readers that this book is about susan bluestein , and tells very little about brad 
books neg 89.txt it all depends on who you are if you will like this book . republicans will like it but democrats or people with brains won't . 
books neg 469.txt i truly wanted to like this book . after years of avoidance i had just finished moby dick and found it not only more readable than i 'd feared but downright enjoyable . in addition i 'd heard nothing but good things about this novel whose premise certainly intrigued me , and like its predecessor it has one of the truly great opening lines in literature : " captain ahab was neither my first husband nor my last . " alas , it was all down hill from there ; overall this is one of the worst books i 've ever forced myself to finish . this came as quite a surprise because the author is no untalented hack . author of two other published novels and a short story collection , director of a university level creative writing program , long-term teacher of writing , and holder of a ph.d . in same , all to considerable critical acclaim , she should be correcting and grading ( failing ) garbage like this not producing it . so what went wrong ? how did this novel end up so awful ? the answer is brick by brick and piece by piece . there is no one great thing wrong with it but rather a lot of little things . length : if " brevity is the soul of wit " , this novel 's witlessness is easily explained . at 666 pages ( interesting number that ) this novel is about three times as long as it should have been . it would seem that , to some extent like melville before her , naslund confused length with importance , but melville was a lot more skilled at padding than she is . imho this desire to fill too many pages made many of the other problems worse by allowing naslund both to go into unnecessary detail about things no one else cares about and to repeat herself to the point of self-parody . somewhere under the barnacle encrustations may be the finely lined hull of a short novel , but this was a manuscript desperately in need of editing.. . with a meat axe or a chainsaw . the name dropping : one of the pleasures of any historical novel is the encounters between fictional characters and historical figures , but if badly handled these encounters can un-suspend disbelief and downright offend . they are badly handled here . an almost uneducated hick from the backwoods of kentucky encounters by chance a significant number of the thoughtful elites of mid-nineteenth century new england and those she does n't utterly charm with her brilliance and erudition she gets the better of as in her unintentionally hilarious encounter with naslund 's peculiar imagining of nathaniel hawthorne . one or two of these , developed at greater length could have added to the verisimilitude . as it is , it is a zelig or a forrest gump without the humor ( or the self-awareness ) . the politics : even the most conservative readers would probably find the popular views of a majority of mid-nineteenth century new englanders a bit disconcerting if espoused straight in a modern novel , so a certain amount of modernizing would be appropriate just to reduce the cringing . however , naslund takes this to the opposite extreme by having una espouse the politically correct view on every single controversy of the day ( and some that only exist in our significantly sillier day ) from slavery to whaling , from feminism to free love , from homosexuality to sensitivity towards the differently abled , all without consequence or even criticism . this latter is the most offputting because to have actually championed such views back then would have taken considerable courage whatever one thinks of the ideas themselves . una espouses them with all the negative consequences that naslund receives for espousing them today , which is to say : none . the anti-christian bigotry : there is nothing so very wrong with characters in a mid-nineteenth century novel exhibiting agnosticism or atheism as both views were gaining more and more credence at the time , but it is downright silly to suggest that such views would have been widely accepted . it is even sillier to portray christianity as something confined exclusively to the foolish , the bigoted , the future apostate , or the mentally ill . it tells us more about the author than anything else that una is openminded towards every religious and quasi-religious idea of the time except christianity . the farfetched scenarios : i sensed the novel was in trouble during the opening scene in which una loses both her mother and her baby but manages to withstand this blow by making friends with a runaway slave with whom she has a quasi-lesbian encounter... . after this the novel goes into flashback and becomes unrealistic . after her crazy christian father threatens to kill her ( a sentiment the reader will come to know and understand ) , una is raised in a lighthouse by her ludicrously liberal-minded aunt and uncle , encounters two young men who both fall in love with her , disguises herself as a cabin boy and sails on the same whaler with them , successfully avoids detection , is sunk by a whale , survives by committing cannibalism , marries the surviving young man after he goes insane , and is abandoned by him after he goes to live with the indians , leaving her free to " marry " captain ahab ( una never really " marries " anybody but of course nobody ever criticizes ) . things do n't get more realistic in the second half , which includes una 's clever and successful investment in the crazy newfangled idea of obtaining oil from the ground instead of from a whale . riiiight . the mary sue : however , the absolute worst thing about this novel is the fact that it is a " mary sue " that peculiarity of fan fiction in which a laughably idealized and practically perfect in every way alter ego of the author fulfills some basic psychological need while inducing a combination of anger and nausea in the reader . a more realistic main character might have saved it . una never learns anything from her life 's too-many-to-be-believed experiences because she already knows everything . she does n't change because she is already perfect . she does n't have to deal with the criticism of others because she does n't receive any , and she does n't have to beg the forgiveness of those she has wronged because they forgive her so easily and besides , una had her reasons ( and they were very good ones you can be sure ) . the only thing i can figure is that her publisher approved this book on concept alone without anyone ever reading it . i feel like i 've just waded through the inept scribbling of a delusional teenage girl who insists on rereading moby dick in her bedroom.. . with the door locked . 
books neg 160.txt surely i 'm not the only one who found this book totally [bad]. the only thing it made me wonder about is how it 's possible to write such a thorougly boring book about such fascinating women . the writing is just dull and full of the author 's biases and prejudices , which just are n't nearly as interesting as the subjects themselves . it 's written in that old-school feminism ( negative , no fun ) tone that thank god feminism has since moved beyond . my advice : find another book about women mystics not filtered through flinder 's lens 
books neg 711.txt there are no doubt a few nuggets of wisdom in this book , but they are buried too deeply in bureaucratic gibberish to be worth digging up . this book has no bibliography , no index , mediocre footnotes , no serious useful conclusions or strategic summary , and a disturbing combination of american-centrism ( on page 71 : & quot ; in the asian continent... . ( t ) he first driver will be the future u.s. role in asia . &quot ; ) with a lack of intelligent presentation . there are exactly three figures and seven tables in this 336 page book , when there should have been at least 30 tables and figures illustrating specific sources of conflict in relation to specific countries . the world conflict and human rights map ( 8 pages of graphics and 8 pages of fine print ) out of leiden university does vastly more to inform than does this book . this book should never , ever have been published in its present form- -i venture to say that if it were condensed to 150 pages and properly edited , with graphics and good synthesis , it might be worthy of a second look . time is the most precious commodity in the world- -rand managers and editors need to get serious about how they present possibly useful information to experts who want to know what rand thinks , but cannot spare the time to get past cumbersome undisiplined- -even lazy- -preparations . the topic of this book is extremely important- -those who would invest their scarce time and money in doing research in this area deserve better from those who put together this book 
books neg 937.txt erickson , a notorious communist and bogus half baked historian is not to be trusted with his works , all based on bogus , doctored and unrelaible soviet semi fictions intended to advance the cause of bolshevik invincability . 
books neg 25.txt this is an overwritten and overhyped piece of fiction that will never pass for great literature . it is timely but it is not timeless . not one character comes alive even though they all talk endlessly . not one scene is memorable . the true nature of the book - - soap opera- - is cloaked under its many pages . messud is a good writer who in this instance could not tell a good story , and she seems to have believed her publicity machine . i ca n't believe that her husband , who a great literary critic , would not talk her out of publishing this . oh. i forgot . money and fame trumps quality every time . 
books neg 727.txt as a dad , i was really looking forward to a book on potty training to help me with my 2-year old . this book is lousy though . why ? 1. stupid writing . i got pretty sick of constantly reading all the sappy , " witty " remarks . " dancing the potty mambo " ? give me a break ! 2. stupid advice . this book keeps telling you to talk to your kid like he / she is an adult . i 'm sorry , but a 2-year-old just cannot comprehend a long drawn-out explanation of why you want them or do n't want them to do something . how about just saying , " do n't do that ! " or " hey , you want to try this ? " that seems to work just fine for me . why give your kid a doctoral dissertation every time you want them to do something ? what 's wrong with just telling your kid what to do ( nicely ) , and expecting them to be obedient ? 3. repeating content . this book kept repeating itself over and over . okay , i got it already ! i strongly feel that the author wanted to push this book over the 200-page mark when all that needed to be said could probably have been accomplished in about 50 pages ( or less ) . 4. too many references . this book constantly refers to other chapters . i once counted 6 different references to other chapters on one page . i am not kidding ! huh ? is potty training really that freakin ' complicated ? all i want is some general ideas on how to go about it , how to get started , and a few good tips . i do n't need all these detailed references . ( nor do i need the phrase " potty mambo " repeated to me ad infinitum . ) here is all i wanted to know : -how do i get started ? -what do i do ? -how often do i need to try it ? -should i go for pullups or just keep him in diapers for the moment ? maybe this book got to all of that , but i quit after page 60. i just could n't take it anymore . after hearing the phrases " stay positive " and " potty mambo " repeated to me for the umpteenth time , i had to quit . i returned this book and got my money back . if i were to say anything good about this book , i would say that it has a few good tips , surrounded by about 180 pages of filler . potty training still looms ahead . will i be successful ? probably . but to this book i say , no thanks 
books neg 702.txt this book is more of an advertisement for scoblete 's other books , his writing buddies other books , and his golden touch craps siminar . this book gives no mention of how the reader can acomplish dice control , which is the reason i bought this book . the book is rather a collection of stories . scoblete tells of people he met playing craps but he forgets to tell how to play craps . it would not surprise me at all if the characters in the book are made up , especially the captain , the authors ultimate craps hero . i could n't even finish this book . it was boring and repeated the same type of uninteresting stories all the way through , and left the reader with no knowledge gained . if you are interested in a good casino book i recomend something by avery cardoza or a book published by his company 
books neg 529.txt other reviews have homed in on the frequent nit-picking and general vindictiveness of this book . i agree with these criticisms , but i 'm not going to revisit them here . the deeper problem lies with the ayn rand institute , which only gives scholarly access to persons guaranteed to toe ari 's party line . as long as the ayn rand institute refuses full , unconditional scholarly access to miss rand 's papers , any biographical efforts produced under their aegis will not be taken seriously by anyone who respects proper academic practice . nor should they be . 
books neg 583.txt as a former student of ms. morris , i will state that she and william morris were quite emphatic about keeping the teachings sacred and authentic as taught by grand master takata . her history is to this day accurate 
books neg 799.txt with someone like this teaching you a failing grade is the likely outcome . why dunn feels it neccessary to quote from one of shakespeare 's most ridiculus plays and behave as if he is possessed is beyond me . it 's not funny or necessary and the problem is that the book is full of it - literally . if you are looking to learn the solid fundementals of chemistry you should pass this one by and go with something like wiley 's , chemistry - concepts and problems in which you begin learning immediately in a simple , straightforward manner . for anyone to suggest that a book like this should be part of any school 's curriculum is just absurd 
books neg 951.txt i have read almost all of the works in the past masters series . this is by far the worse . i do not ordinarily write about books i do not like . but this work truly deserves a bad word . it is not about shakespeare , but rather about germaine greer . she simply did not do the assignment that she was given 
books neg 59.txt the setting of this book is beautiful , exotic , and interesting . the author , unfortunately , does nothing to take advantage of this . i am shocked that this book could possibly have won a national book award . it must mean that either the award itself is meaningless , or that there were some truly dreadful books out that year - - which i doubt . the topic of this book could have been more ably handled by just about anyone else , as far as i am concerned . i ca n't imagine it being done worse ! tuck 's writing style - - short vignettes or episodes , one after another - - is terribly ineffective and disjointed . i felt completely detached from all of the characters . i did n't feel like i gained any understanding of who they were , and was unmoved when they died or otherwise encountered tragedies . another thing that completely irritated me were tuck 's sexual references . throughout the novel , tuck would end her lame vignettes with one or two sentences mentioning some crass sexual encounter ( a finger inserted in an unmentionable place or a character participating in a masturbating contest , for example ) . these sentences seem to be thrown in just to shock or perhaps to intrigue the reader ; all they did was gross me out . they were written in such a way that they seemed to have been written by a teenage boy , not an adult woman trying to tell a compelling story . i do n't know what tuck was trying to do in this novel . i think she has failed to write anything that succeeds on any level : it is not entertaining . it is not profound . it is not educational . it is not beautiful . at only 248 pages , i ca n't say it was even a quick read . utterly forgettable , once you get past the irritation of having wasted your time reading it . 
books neg 167.txt the book is well-written . most parts of it i can agree with . but there is a crucial mistake in parson 's message - - - oneness likes to play separation . i can say clearly that oneness does not play separation . duality / ego is simply a mistake / illusion caused by mind-evolution . saying that oneness plays separation is giving reality to this illusion . also , his message that we can not do anything still gives one a feeling that one is under the " mercy " of something , and this is clearly very dualistic . without ego , both doing and not doing are actions of oneness , to intentionally emphasizing not doing is a mistake . there are many illuminating sentenses in this book , but be aware of the neo-advaitan trap . in my life , it was understanding , especially of the process of ego-illusion-image helped me to come to oneness . the one who is doing the understanding is still oneness . there is no duality in doing and not doing . at right this moment , you can chose to continue to read this review or to stop . of courses , you make choices in daily life . if you really understand what is meant by " nond-duality " , you will not make such statements such as " there is no choice " . 
books neg 850.txt perfectly in keeping with the imperialist ethos that he so proudly and loudly espouses , boot has foisted upon us a book that rests entirely on the labors of others . lacking even the slightest trace of shame , he plunders concepts and ideas from anyplace in the intellisphere he chooses . as a result , there 's nary a new thought nor insight to be found anywhere within these pages . even more pitiably , like a renegade third world nuclear scientist trying to " sanitize " his clandestinely-acquired apparatus of any markings that might possibly identify its source , boot assiduously scrubs away any subtleties and nuance that the original thoughts may have possessed . one wearies quickly of the manichaean results . and like any ideologically-driven but technically inept would-be nuclear ( or social ) engineer , he fails utterly in his attempt to enrich his raw material even minimally , succeeding only in rendering it more toxic and hazardous than it originally was . why , even the title itself has been purloined from alistair home 's 1977 underground classic , " a savage war of peace " ! * considering that home 's tome arrives at essentially the opposite conclusions from boot 's , this is irony most profound . it is scarcely surprising , then , that recent history has thoroughly discredited the philosophies and policies so ear-splittingly trumpeted in boot 's book , thus rendering moot any lingering interest one might have had in perusing it - - unless one wishes to take counsel for the future by ruminating upon the ozymandian ruins of boot 's espoused belief system . * recently reprinted and highly recommended ! 
books neg 547.txt from a sociological perspective , hustlers , beats , and others serves what it set out to do , explore the sociological aspects of billiards in america and the culture that has accompained it through time . however with the recent boom of billiards into mainstram american society , many of his observations and conclusions are dated if not false . te book just goes to many places , crime , pornography , etc. and fails what it set out to originally acomplish . furthermore , i find it quite unusal that the author chooses to contend a great deal of current ideologies toward billiards . is this not a sociological perspective , or an historical editorial.as a college student , and a sociology major , the author fails to win my support from his argument . all in all , quite disapointing as i found it at my local bookstore and the cover looked interesting . i was left with a feeling of disappointment when i finished this book , as it completely crushed many of the idealization and ideologies and norms that are associated to theculture of billiards . stick with the sociology , cut the editoria 
books neg 173.txt is the main goal of every male evo-psy writer to attack feminism ? here 's an experiment for you : juxtapose the ideas in this book and , say , pinker 's blank slate with those of , i do n't know , any two female evo-psi writers and watch the incongruities jump off the pages . it 's f&#%ing comical . but guess what ? the females ' books are way better thought out and accurate while the males ' are a lot of wishful thinking . hmmm....aging , successful man writes that lovely young lasses and aging , successful males are made for each other . that men are wired to treat sexually liberated women like s@ &% , and to fawn over repressed , chastity obsessed airheads . whatever 
books neg 42.txt though this book does present all the necessary information for learning about abnormal psychology , it 's the dryest , most aesthetically difficult to read textbook.. . especially if you happen to be studying the material online / through independent study . the publisher needs to redesign the book and / or you need to have a better online course professor . it feels nearly impossible to be interested in this material ( which is interesting in itself ) if you have to read the textbook front to back on your own without any instruction . 
books neg 842.txt the first novel of laurell k . hamilton 's merry gentry series is not , actually , that terrible a book . it 's by far the best in a not particularly great series , actually . what made it almost impossible for me to read is that the basic premise , the set-up , is one of the most grotesquely , ridiculously stupid things i 've ever read . princess meredith nicessus has fled faerie , in fear of death at the hands of her aunt , andais , the queen of air and darkness and ruler of the unseelie court . high profile fae in this world are major public figures , like rock stars or the royal family of england . the sudden disappearance of one of the unseelie royals is a very big deal indeed . every news media in the world reports the story....and it never goes away . we are told solemnly that reports of princess meredith being spotted are right up there with elvis sightings . meredith 's image , the story of her mysterious disappearance , is everywhere . i mean , neolithic pygmies living in deepest africa know who meredith is , and what she looks like . meanwhile , princess meredith has disguised herself as a mortal private eye . thing is , she has n't disguised herself very much at all . her supernaturally pale skin is now humanly pale skin . her fae red hair is now human red hair . her facial features remain the same . and with everyone on the planet wondering where is princess meredith , for years on end , no one recognizes her . let me hasten to add , there is no magic involved in this , they honestly simply do n't recognize her . and the crowning touch to this masterful disguise , the name chosen for her pseudonym to hide the fact she 's actually princess meredith is....wait for it....merry gentry . jesus wept . and for years , none of her co-workers , no one who knows her , says to themself , " hey , wait a minute , that women who looks almost exactly like princess meredith....merry gentry....princess meredith....oh my god , merry gentry is princess meredith ! " nope , she 's just incognito , baby . at which point i almost threw down the book and said , " you have got to be kidding me . " it 's absolutely amazing to me this made it through the editing process . do laurell hamilton 's editors do anything other than rubber stamp her writing ? given her past six or eight novels , including this one , i 'm tempted to say : no , actually 
books neg 747.txt when i first picked up drinking coffee elsewhere , i was excited to have the chance to read something that so many people seemed to enjoy . and , truthfully , it 's not a horrible book . it is entertaining , the style works , etc. on that note , if you 're looking for a fun read and do n't plan on thinking about it too much , then by all means , get it . my problem with the book is that it does n't deserve all the acclaim it 's getting- - if you want something that breaks boundaries or adds a new voice to the current socio-political situation of america , this is not your book . probably one of the major problems with the collection is that it 's heralded as a riveting commentary on the plight of the african american female . packer has very little new to say , and most of the underlying themes of the stories have not only been said previously by alice walker and other writers , but have also have been said better by those authors . drinking coffee elsewhere is no more than a watered down version of you ca n't keep a good woman down , a book that , while having its own problems , would probably be a better use of your time and money if you 're really interested in the social commentary in the text . even from the literary standpoint , it 's not terribly outstanding . the characters are stereotypes ; the plots are predictable . the adult female protagonists are all essentially the same person- - an intelligent outsider who struggles with race , religion , and fitting in- - and are generally pretty ornery about it as they do so . the other protagonists are the same , just not so irritable . similar to this lack of variation in her characters , packer varies little in her narrative style . yes , the language is pretty at times , but there is no experimentation with language or structure ; all of the writing is in a highly generic voice . finally , the stories themselves contain scenes that are n't necessary and that detract from the actual narrative . in short , drinking coffee elsewhere proves that what it takes to sell a lot of books is n't actual talent , but how much your publisher backs you . packer had the good fortune to have famous mentors and to be the product of some highly acclaimed writing programs , which resulted in her being picked up by a big name publisher who could pay to get her name out 
books neg 319.txt " col mike martin " raised in iraq , speaks fluent arabic........ . the taliban are pashtoon , they are not arabs , they do n't speak arabic , they do n't even like arabs very much . they are a totaly closed tribal society . i spent a year living and working with the pashtoon in 2005 in helmand province . there are no members of the taliban who are not pashtoon . the other ethnic groups in afghanistan , the tajik and the hazara , are opposed to the taliban . mike martin would not have the correct family , clan and tribal ties and background to carry this off . sorry , but forsythe has dropped the ball on this one . 
books neg 810.txt this booklet has a lot of warner brothers drawings , but it does n't delve into the specifics of creating animation very well . i 'd recommend getting the animator 's survival kit instead as it has tons of good and well explained info on the art of creating your own animation 
books neg 43.txt i bought this audio cd set at the borders store , without the opportunity to preview the narration . had i been able to do so , i probably never would have purchased it , let alone paid full bookstore price for it . but i needed an audiobook for my long drive the next day , so i relented . lesson learned . the audio quality is very insonsistent , at at times very poor , having been transcribed from the original audiotape recording . while the author is obviously greatly informed on the historical and geopolitical details of the middle east , it does read very much like a history text . with the amount of detail presented , and the wide scope of coverage from one end of europe reaching into the former soviet states and beyond , one immediately feels the need for visual aids ( maps , timelines , etc. ) as guidance . the reader 's narration is monotononous , with a very constant cadence which dulls the senses . each sentence sounds the same as the last . this has the unfortunate effect of rendering each piece of information presented as no more significant than any other , and so all of the events seem to be lost to obscurity . after a while , the narration becomes little more than background noise . no information is retained by the listener 
books neg 390.txt i lived in france . i know plenty of fat french women . and french women who drink hard liquor every day . and french women who drink coffee more than just in the morning . french women do n't have the market on thinness by any means . people all over the world have guilt about eating and learn bad habits . the author starts out trying to be objective but her arrogance comes out loud and clear as the book goes on . and her dropping of french phrases here and there throughout the book are downright annoying . nothing new in this book . eat less , exercise more . 
books neg 712.txt i actually know where trieste was before i read this book . unfortunately i have never visited the city . i wanted to read this travel book about this famous city , but after a few chapters , i wondered where the book was going to . after the final chapter , i still do not know what the author 's intentions was with this book . perhaps i do n't read too many travel books . obviously the city means a lot to the author , but she did not express it clearly in her writing . i was scratching my head at the end , and wondering what i read . i learned a little about the city , but not in relation to the amount of time i spent reading this short book . the city of james joyce and maximillian . the imperial port of the austo-hungarian empire . the meeting point of slav , german , and latin empires . one of the ending points of the iron curtain . this city breeds interest and yet the author took us on a round about journal that confuses the reader . i am sure the author 's other books are good , her last one was not the greatest . 
books neg 713.txt if you can learn to dance by reading a book whose recommendation was to hold your partner and & quot ; move to the music&quot ; , then you may find & quot ; kaizen event implementation manual&quot ; useful . this book talks about the history and terminology of lean manufacturing and does go into detail about team member selection . after that , this book shows blank forms of some of the data analysis forms often used during a kaizen event , but tells you nothing of how to complete the forms and analyze the results . nor is there any & quot ; road map&quot ; or guidelines for conducting a kaizen event itself . there is information about how to contact the author in the event that you decide to hire him to & quot ; fill in all blanks&quot ; in person . the book is simply another info-mercial where in this case , you are paying for the advertisement 
books neg 83.txt i did not read the book but i did look it over carefully . i was hoping it would be a clear step by step guide to using ibd to apply the canslim method . there is so much information in the paper that it is not easy to apply all the techniques in an efficient manner . there are almost too many choices and directions possible . this book is not a step by step guide nor is it all that clear . i did find it to be unnecessarily wordy and vague . it just seems to go over the whole paper in a long winded fashion but does not get down to the nuts and bolts of & quot ; smart investing&quot ; as i was hoping it would . refer to william o'neil 's books for better guidance about how to invest . also , if you are a subscriber , there is a large amount of useful information on the ibd website at investors.com 
books neg 698.txt no , not really . since this novella first appeared in harper 's some years back and then was the prologue in underworld , this makes the third time it 's appeared in print . and while it is brilliant , why buy this when you can buy underworld for about the same price 
books neg 230.txt children love to follow instructions , step by step , and this book has an over abundance of unnecessary and inefficient steps that can make a simple recipe that would normally take 20 minutes to prep , drag on for hours . any adult , who cooks like this does n't cook often , cooks professionally or spends most of their waking hours in a kitchen . for example , who in a modern home kitchen cuts a stick of butter , melts it in a pan then pours it into a ( plastic , microwave safe ) mixing bowl ? great , now there 's a pan , a knife and a cutting board to wash ! it is a children 's cookbook , so why not cut down on time spent with knives , stovetop flames and inevitable messes by just melting the uncut butter in the plastic mixing bowl with the microwave ? nice pictures , large font , recipes are great , but ( in my opinion ) obviously written by someone working in a fully staffed professional kitchen , not a home . 
books neg 20.txt this book was so different from the usual nr story . the burn scenes were too graphic and the rape scene was too graphic . if you want romance , skip this . it also seemed to take forever to get the book set up 
books neg 991.txt if excelsior college did n't require this for the cpne , i would take it and throw it off the highest bridge i could find . horribly confusing , does n't make sense , and i cannot fathom how this would help your clinical practice . the only redeeming feature is that excelsior does not let you write in this , so i will have a brand new copy of this for sale to some poor nursing student . i do n't mean to sound harsh , but this book is n't easy to use , it is confusing , and contradicts itself 
books neg 13.txt i agree with the reviewer who said this work is boring . it seems roth is trying to glorify philip roth and not the characters . he goes on and on describing the overwhelming feelings zuckermann has for " the swede " , without letting us know who the swede really is . roth should let the characters tell the story or try to use less erudition in his narration . it gets to the point where the reader loses interest in finishing the book . i loved the plot against american because it was more character based than philosophizing about about the historical context of the times 
books neg 29.txt despite early promise , marked by intriguing personal observations and evident self-reflection , this effort fails to deliver on the author 's experience and acumen . the book is a disparate set of chapters and lacks a unitary thread , apart from a bitter leavening of asides on the shortcomings of united states rhetoric and policies on africa . i had hoped for more , given the fine record in newsprint of this well-traveled journalist . 
books neg 666.txt this book expounds endlessly on how best to limit the impact of people on the backcountry in the very best traditions of the sierra club . it 's more of a philosophy book than a & quot ; how to&quot ; book . if anyone wants to learn how to backpack and / or camp , he would be better advised to buy the several books by karen berger and chris townsend , in particular the backpackers handbook 
books neg 814.txt ok i havent read it yet , and it will take some effort to do so . the pages are yellowed , they are cut uneven ( a first for me to witness ! ! ) i have ordered 3 books on chinese issues , and 2 have been scams . ok , there 's a lesson there somewhere - buyer beware , especially concerning chinese items ! ! ! their economic strategy revolves around / begins with cheap materials ! buyer beware 
books neg 581.txt written in cartoon format , i thought this book would be a lighter approach to a straight , dry , biography of scientists . however , it is written more like a series of political cartoons than cartoons for kids . the cartoons are barely understandable if the biography of the scientist is not already known , so using it as an initial reading is impossible . further , some content is offensive . on the second page of cartoons , a scientist is walking along a bridge , thinking , when someone mistakenly believes he is getting ready to jump , saying , " no woman is worth committing suicide over . " the pictures show a scantily-clad woman ( with bare bottom in one frame ) that he is now picturing in his mind . irrelevant and inappropriate ! plus , i did n't have to go far to find swear words in the captions . yikes ! my kids will never see this book ! it is not even appropriate for high-school age kids . ( in fact , it is n't even funny to adults ! 
books neg 486.txt in the commencement mr. utterson and his cousin mr. richard enfield were walking throughout london . the men go by a mysterious cellar door , and then mr. enfield talked about a story that ensue here previously . also later in the book utterson work to help dr. jekyll from being brung into the ghastly tribulations of mr. hydes . one year later , edward hyde viciously murders sir danvers carew by thrashing him to death with a cane . i did not like this book because it was a high level booklover so i could not concentrate . i 'd propose this book for high scholar for that reason , and if you 're a person who reads allot . the genre was good because it was sci-fi and it seems sci-fi is a little more addicting . the author is a pretty well known writer his name is robert louis stevenson . 
books neg 145.txt ` ` people say again and again that philosophy does n't really progress ,  that we arestill occupied with the same philosophical problems as were thegreeks.but the people who say this don't  understand why ishas to be so. it is becauseour language has remained the same and keeps seducing us into asking the same questions. as longas there continues to be a verb ' to be'  that looks as if it functions in the same way as ' to eat ' and ' to drink ' , as long as we stillhavethe adjectives ' identical ' , ' true ' , ' false ' ,  ' possible ' , as long as we continueto talk of a river of time , of an expanseof space , etc. , etc. , people will keepstumbling over the samepuzzling difficulties and find themselves staring atsomethingwhich no explanation seems capable of clearing up.and what's more , this satisfies a longing for the transcendent , because , insofar as peoplethinkthey can see ` the limits of human understanding ' ,  theybelieve of course thatthey can see beyond these . ` ` ' ' philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of ourintelligence by means of language ` ` ` ` ambition is the death of thought'''  these three quotes are from ludwig wittgenstein who redefined philosophysome70 years ago ( but most people have yet to find this out ) .dennett , though he has been a philosopher for some40 years , is one them. it is also curious that both he and his prime antagonist , john searle , studied under famous wittgensteinians ( searle with john austin , dennett with gilbert ryle ) but searle got the point and dennett did not . dennett is a hard determinist ( though he trys to sneak reality in the back door ) , and perhaps this is due to ryle , whose famous book ' the concept of mind ' ( 1949 ) continues to be reprinted . that book did a great job of exorcising the ghost but it left the machine . dennett enjoys making the mistakes wittgenstein , ryle ( andmany others since ) have exposed in detail . byaccident , just before this book , i had read ' 'the minds i' ' , which dennett coauthored withdouglas hofstadter in 1981. they made some bad mistakes ( see my review ) , and saddest of all , they reprinted twofamous articles that pointed the wayout of the mess- --nagel's  ` what is like to be a bat ? ` and an early version of john searle's  chinese room argument explaining why computers do n't think. nagel pointed out that we do noteven know how to recognize whata concept of a bat 's mind would be like. searle similarly explained how we lack a way to conceptualize thinking and how itdiffersfrom what a computer does ( eg , it can translate chinese without understanding it ) . likewise , we lack a clear test for recognizing what countsas good vs bad- -or just intelligible- - for many philosophical and scientific concepts. our use of the words consciousness , choice , freedom , intention , particle ,  thinking ,  determines , wave , cause , happened , event ( and so on endlessly )  are rarely a source of confusion but as soon as we leave normal life and enter philosophy ( and anydiscussion detached from the environment in which language evolved )  chaos reigns. wittgenstein was the first to understand why and to point out how to avoid this . unfortunately , he died inhis prime , his works are composed almost entirely of a series of examples of how the mind ( language ) worksand he never wroteany popular books , so understanding of his work is restricted to a very few . searle is one of the world 's leadingphilosophers and has written manyextremely clear and highly regarded articles and books , some of which have pointed out the glaring defects in dennett's work.his review ` ` consciousness explained away' ' of dennetts 1991 book ` ' consciousness explained''  and his book ''the mystery of consciousness' ' are very well known , and show , in a way that isamazingly clear for philosophical writing , why neither dennett ( nor any of the hundreds of philosophersandscientists who have written on this topic ) havecome closetoexplaining the hard problem- -ie , how do you conceptualizeconsciousness.many suspect we will never be able to conceptualizeany of the reallyimportant things , but it isclear that we are nowhere near it now. dennett has mostly ignored his critics but has favored searle with vituperative personal attacks.searle has been accused by dennett and others of being out to destroy cognitive psychology which is quite funny as modern philosophy is ( mostly ) a branch of cognitive psychology and searle has made it very clear for 30 years that we are a good example of a biological machine that is conscious , thinks , etc , . he just points out that we do n't have any idea how this happens . searle characterizes as ' 'intellectualpathology' ' , the views ofdennett andall those who denythe existence of thevery phenomena they setout to explain. dennett repeats his mistakes here andleaves his reply to his critics to the penultimate page of the book , where we are told that they areall mistaken and it is a waste of spaceto show how !  unsurprisingly , there isnot one reference towittgenstein or searle in theentire book.there arehowever , many references to other old schoolphilosophers who are as confusedas he is. like most people , it does not cross his mindthatthe very inference engineshe thinks with are forcinghim to cometo certainconclusions and that these will oftenbe quite unconnectedwith or wrong about the way things are in the world . they are a jumble of evolutionary curiositieswhich do various tasks in organizing behavior that were useful for survivalhundreds of thousands of years ago.wittgenstein was a pioneerin doingthought experiments in cognitive psychologyand beganto elucidate the nature of these engines and the subtletiesof language in the 30 's , and thus he made the sorts of commentsthat this review begins with. dennett says ( p98 ) that his view is compatibilism , ie , that free will ( whichi hopewe can equate with choice ) is compatible with determinism ( ie , that ''there is at any instant exactly one physically possible future'' --p25 ) . he wants to show that determinism is not the same as inevitablity. however , the whole book is smoke and mirrors by means of which choice , in the sense we normally understand it , disappears and we are left with ` ` choice ` ` , which is something we cannot choose. naturally , this echoes the fate of consiousness in his earlier book ` ` consciousness explained ` ` . it is remarkable that , at a time when we are just beginning to reach the point where we might be able to understand the basics of how a single neuron works ( or how an atom works for that matter ) , that anyone should think they can make the leap to understanding the whole brain and to explain its most complex phenomena. please recall the last sentence of wittgenstein from the opening quote : ' ' and what's more , this satisfies a longing for thetranscendent , because , insofar aspeoplethinkthey can see ` the limits of human understanding ' , theybelieve of course thatthey can see beyond these . ` ` the relation between language ,  thought and reality is extraordinarily complex and everyone gets lost. if one is very , very careful , some understanding is possible , but dennett throws caution to the winds and we are dragged into the quicksand. there are at least 3 different topics here ( evolution of our brain , choice and morality ) and dennett tries vainly to weld them together into a coherent account of how freedom evolves from the deterministic crashing of atoms. there is , however , no compelling reason to accept that bouncing atoms ( or his favorite example , the game of life running on a computer ) are isomorphic with reality. he knows that quantum indeterminacy ( or the uncertainty principle ) is a major obstacle to determinism however defined ( and has been taken by many as an escape to freedom ) but dismisses it due to the fact that such events are too rare to bother with. by extension ,  its unlikely that any such event will happen now or even in our whole lifetime in our brain , so we appear to be stuck with a determined brain ( whatever that may be ) . however , the universe is a big place and its been around a long time ( perhaps forever ) and if even one such quantum effect occurs it would seem to throw the whole universe into an indeterminate state. the notion ' 'there is at any instant exactly one physically possible future' ' cannot be true if at any instant a quantum indeterminacy can occur- -in this case there would seem to be infinitely many possible futures. this recalls one of the escapes from the contradictions of physics- -each instant our universe is branching into infinitely many universes . he correctly rejects the idea that quantum indeterminacy gives us the answer to how we can have choice . this obvious idea has been suggested by many but the problem is that nobody has any idea how to specify an exact sequence of steps which starts with the equations of physics and ends up with the phenomena of consciousness ( or any other emergent phenomenon ) . if so , they will definitely win at least one nobel prize , for not only will they have explained consciousness , they will have explained the universal phenomenon of emergence ( how higher order properties emerge from lower ones ) . so , they would have to solve the ' easy ' problem ( to determine the exact state of the brain corresponding to some mental state and preferably specify the exact position of all the atoms in the brain over time-ignoring uncertainty ) and the ' hard ' one ( what exactly correlates with or produces consciousness or choice etc ? ) . and while they are at it how about also doing the impossible- -an exact and full solution to the quantum field equations for a brain . it is very well known that these equations are uncomputable , even for one atom or a vacuum , as it would require an infinite amount of computer time . but infinite will do for one atom so maybe a brain will take no longer . he starts off on the first page appealing to the laws of physics for protection against fantastic notions such as immaterial souls , but physics is made of notions just as fantastic ( uncertainty ,  entanglement , wave / particle duality , schrodinger 's dead / alivecat etc ) and as feynmann said many times ` ` nobody understandsphysics ! ' ' many think nobody ever will . on pg 2 he says our values have little to do with the goals of our cells and on pg 2 to3 that our personality differences are due to how our ' 'robotic teams are put togther , over a lifetime of growth and experience . ` `  this is a bald dismissal of human nature , of the abundant evidence that our differences are to a large extent programmed into our genes and fixed in early childhood , and is typical of his constant confused wandering back and forth between determinism and environmentalism . on page 9 he notes that free will is a problem and our attitudes to it make a difference , but for whom ?  nobody but philosophers. we make choices. what 's the problem ?  one has to step outside life to experience a problem and then everything becomes a problem. what are consciousness ,  pain ,  yellow , intention , matter , quarks , gravity etc. ?  i doubt that anyone has ever experienced a fundamental change in their interactions with people or their decision making processes due to their thinking about choice. this shows that there is something strange about such questions. wittgenstein would probably say that the language games are different. there are games for language connected with the cognitive templates for decisions or seeing colors etc , and thinking philosophically is operating them in decoupled mode. decoupled modes permit thinking about the past , planning for the future ,  guessing the mental states of others , etc , but if one takes the results in the wrong way and starts to think ` ' john will try to steal my wallet' ' , rather than just imagining that john might do it , confusion enters and those who cannot turn off the decoupled mode or distinguish it from coupled mode , enter the realm of pathology. some aspects of schizophrenia and other mental illness might be seen this way- -they lose control of which mode they are in , eg , notbeing able to see the difference between the motives people have and the motives they might have . one can then see much of the philosophizing people do as operating in these decoupled modes but failing to be able to keep in front of them the differences from the normal mode. normal mode- -eg , what is that lion doing- - was undoubtedly the first one evolved and decoupled modes- -what did that lion do last time or what does he intend to do next- -evolved later. this was probably never a problem for animals- -any animal that spent too much time worrying about what might happen would not be very successful contributing to the gene pool. it is interesting to speculate that only when humans developed culture and began degeneratinggenetically , could large numbers of people survive with genes that led them to spend alot of time in decoupled modes. hence , we have philosophy and this book , which is mostly about running the decision templates in decoupled mode where there are no real consequencesexcept earning royalties for putting the results in a book for other people to use to run their engines in decoupled mode . ' let us alter wittgenstein 's quote to read : ' 'as longas there continues to be a verb ' to decide'  that looks as if it functions in the same way as ' to eat ' and ' to drink ' , as long as we continueto talk of freedom of action , of saying i wish i had done otherwise , etc. , etc. , people will keepstumbling over the samepuzzling difficulties andfind themselves staring atsomethingwhich no explanation seems capable of clearing up. ' ' as withmost philosophy books , nearly every page ,  often every paragraph , changes from one type of language game to another without noticing that now one would have to be joking or dreaming or acting in a play or reciting a story , etc , and not actually intending anything nor describing an actual situation in the world. on page 10 he says we count on free will for the whole way of thinking about our lives , like we count on food and water , but who ever , outside philosophy , standing in front of lunch counter full of food , ever thinks how fine it is that they have free will so they can pick coke instead of mineral water ?  even if i want to be a serious compatibilist and try thinking this in decoupled mode , i have to exit and enter nondecoupled mode to make the actual choice. only then can i go back to decoupled mode to wonder what might have happened if i had not had the ability to make a real choice. wittgenstein noted how pretend games are parasitic on real ones ( this is not a trivial observation ! ) . the ability to engage in very complex decoupled scenarios is already evident in 4 year old children. so i would say that normally , nobody counts on having choice ,  but rather we just choose. on the same page he shows again that he does not grasp cognitive basics. he says we learn to conduct our lives in the conceptual atmosphere of choice ,  and that ` ' it appears to be a stable and ahistorical construct , as eternal and unchanging as arithmetic , but it is not . ' ' and on page 13- - ''it is an evolved creation of human activity and beliefs'' . the whole thrust of cognitive psychology is that we do not learn the basics of planning , deciding , promising ,  resenting ,  etc , but that these are built-in functions of the inference engines that work automatically and unconsciously and start running in very early childhood. there is no evidence that they change as we grow , or are in any way subject to our beliefs , only that they mature just as our body does. on pg 14 he suggests its probable that our having free will depends on our believing we have it ! do we believe we see an apple , feel a pain , are happy ?  the language game of belief is very different from that of knowing. we can believe we have a dollar in our pocket but if we take it out and look at it we ca n't meaningfully then say that we still believe it ( except as a joke etc. ) . the inference engine can run in decoupled ( belief )  mode so we can imagine havingchoices or making them , but in life we just make them and it is only in very odd situations we can say that we believe we made a choice. but dennett is saying thisis the universal case. if making a choice had any dependence on belief than so would everything everything else- -consciousness ,  seeing , thinking , etc. if we take this seriously ( and he says ' the serious problems of free will ' ) then we are getting into trouble and if we actually try to apply it to life , then madness is minutes away . . on page 65 et seq . , he discusses causation , intention and the ` informal predicates ' that we use to describe atoms etc , but cognitive resarch has shown that we describe all objects with a limited number of ontological categories which we analyse with our intuitive physics modules and that when agents ( ie animals or people or things like them- -ie , ghosts or gods ) are involved we use our concepts ( engines ) for agency , intuitive psychology , social minds , etc to decide how to behave. there is almost certainly no causation module but rather it will involve all of these and other inference engines , depending on the precise situation . discussing possibility and necessity is much easier if one talks in terms of the output of our modules for intuitive physics ,  agency , ontological categories etc. of course there is no mention here of wittgenstein 's many incisive comments on causation , intention , deciding , nor of searle 's now classic works on intention and social reality . he spends much time on ainslie 's book ' breakdown of will ' , in which is discussed the hyperbolic discounting faculties ( ie , inference engines ) by which we evaluate probable outcomes . hemakes much of the excellent work of robert frank on altruism , emotion and economics , but the book he cites was 15 years old when this book was published . it was bingham 's idea , amplified by frank and by boyd and richardson ( 1992 ) that cooperation was greatly stimulated by the evolution of means for punishing cheaters. he suggests these as examples of darwinian approaches that areobligatory and promising. indeed they are , and in fact they are standard parts of economic , evolutionary and cognitive theory , but unfortunately ,  he makes little reference to the other work in these fields . all that work tends to show that people do not choose but their brains choose for them . he does not establish any convincing connection between this work and the general problem of choice. onpg 216 he says that making oneself so that one could not have done otherwise is a key innovation in the evolutionary ascent to free will , and that we can only be free if we learn how to render ourselves insensitive to opportunities . but where this ability resides is not revealed for several chapters !  dennett has a penchant for hiding his ideas in a massive amount of rather irrelevant text. again , he gets things backwards , as there is a vast body of very good evidence from biology and psychology that we are get the feelings that we should behave in some way from our inference engines and these are not provided by some part of our conscious self , but by the automatic and unconscious operation of the engines. as he notes , hundreds of experiments with the prisoner 's dilemma and related protocols have shown how easy it is to manipulate people 's choices and that their calculations are not conscious and deliberate at all. when the situation is manipulated to make them conscious , they are much slower and less reliable . so , there has been constant pressure of natural selection to make the engines fast and automatic and inacessible to deliberate thought . dennett says ` we make ourselves ' so that we could not do otherwise and that this is the basis of morality and choice. the evidence would seem to be exactly the opposite. our inference engines give us basic moral intuitions and we generally act in accord with the results. if we or others do not we feel guilt , outrage , resentment etc ,  then cheater genes will invade the population and this is one of the main theories as to how a good part of morality evolved.our genes make us so we ca n't ( mostly ) do otherwise , not our will or whatever dennett thinks can do it . we can often choose to do otherwise but our own intuitions and the knowledge of social disapproval usually serve to limit our choices. these intuitions evolved in small groups between 50 , 000 and some millions of years ago. in the modern world the intuitions are often not to our advantage and the social controls weak. this is a prime reasonfor the chaos in the world . on pg 225 he finally sneaks in a definition of free will as ' 'a complicated snarl of mechanistic causes that look likedecision making ( from certain angles ) ' ' . he claims that thisplays all the valuable roles of free will but lacks some ( unspecified )  properties possessed by traditional free will. the smoke is thick but i am pretty sure one of those unspecified properties is what we understand aschoice. he insists ( top pg 226 ) that his naturalistic account of decision making leaves plenty of room for moral responsibility , but making ourselves so we could n't do otherwise does not seem to describe the way we actually function ,  nor does it seem to leave any room for morality , as that would seem to consist precisely in being able to do otherwise . he does not propose any test for deciding if a choice is voluntary or forced and i doubt he could do so. normally if someone asks us to move our hand , we know what counts as having a choice ,  but , typical of philosophers ,  i expect that regardless of whether it moves or not he will count both as evidence for his position . at this point he also starts his discussion of libet 's well known work on conscious attention which is the only part of the book that i felt was worth my time . on page 253 et seq . , he sneaks in his definition of conscious will- -the ' 'brains user illusion of itself'' ' which has as one of its main roles providing ' 'me with the means of interfacing with myself at other times ` ` . and ` ` illusory or not , conscious will is the persons guide to his or her own moral responsibility for action . ` `  he says the trick we need is to see that ` ` i ` '  control what is happening inside the ' 'simplification barrier'' ... ' 'where decision making happens'' . ` ` mental events' ' become conscious by ' 'entering into memory'' . ' 'the process of self description... is what we are'' . the crucial thing is that choice is possible because the self is distributed over space ( the brain ) and time ( memories ) . he realizes this is going to leave many incredulous ( everyone who can follow this and really understands ! ) . ' 'i know that many people find it hard to graspthis idea or take it seriously. it seems to them to be a trickwith mirrors ,  some kind of verbal slight of hand that whisksconsciousness , and the real self , out of the picture just when it was about to be introduced . ''  many will say he took the words out of their mouth , but i would say it 's incoherent and thateverythingwe know about consciousness and the whole universe ( making the obvious extensions of such claims ) was gone long beforewegot this far. on pg 259 he says that culture has made us rational animals ! this is a stunning denial of human nature ( ie , genetics and evolution ) coming from the person who wrote ' darwin 's dangerous idea' ' ! presumably he is talking about his idea that it is memories spread over space ( the brain and other people ) and time that give us choices and morals and consciousness ( line 6 from bottom ) . he says consciousness is a user-interface but it is never made clear who or where the user is and how it interfaces with the brain ( you will have to suffer through ' consciousness explained to find that there is no answer there either ) . though he makes many references to evolutionary and cognitive psychology , he seldom uses any of the terminology that has been current for decades ( social mind , intuitive psychology , coalitional intuitions etc ) and clearly is not familiar with most of the concepts . if he means that we got the fine details of morality from culture , thats ok , but this is the icing on the cake and the cake was baked by the genes . we are also told here that r&d ( by which he means evolution here , but other things elsewhere ) has given us the self and that language creates new kind of consciousness and morality . i am sure that he will get little agreement on this . it seems quite clear that consciousness and the basics of morality evolved in primates ( and earlier ) long before spoken language ( though it is a very deep topic as to how language evolved from extant capacities in the brain ) . he continues ` ` morality memes arose by accident some tens of thousands of years ago ` ` which would be ok if he meant the icing on the cake but he clearly means the cake ! and then he says the point of morality is not the survival of our genes , which is an amazing ( and totally incorrect ) thing to say , even if he was only referring to memes . on pg 260 he claims that because we do not comprehend our ' 'bland dispositions to cooperate' ' ,  they mean nothing to us , but it is the operation of our templates that is everything to us. there is ample evidence that if one of them is damaged a person cannot function properly as a social being ( eg , autism ) . i would say it is the operation of the templates for intuitive psychology etc which lead dennett to the counterintuitive views that we do not have consciousness and choice in the way we think . he also says here that it was one of the major evolutionary transitions when we were able to change our views and reflect on reasons for them . this again reflects his lack of understanding of evolutionary psychology . i know of no evidence that the basic moral intuitions , like all the templates , are accessible to consciousness . we may decide our cheating was justifiable , or forgive someone else 's cheating , but we still know it was cheating ( ie , we cannot change the engine ) . i suspect my ancestors a million years ago had the same feelings in the same situation but what has happened is that there are lots of other things that may be taken as relevant and that sometimes these will lead me to act contrary to my feelings . another issue is that as culture developed , one had to make many important or ' moral type ` decisions for which the engines were not evolved to give a clear answer . on pg 267 he says that we now replace our ` free floating rationales ' ( probably corresponding to what cognitive psychologists call our templates or inference engines ) with reflection and mutual persuasion . and on pg 286 he says that it is a child 's upbringing - -demanding and giving reasons- - that affects moral reasoning . again , he just has no grasp of what has happened in the last 30 years of research- -the templates do not change with reflection or upbringing . we are then told again that consciousness makes moral issues available over time to the self , which takes responsibility . it is not any more coherent or credible with repetition . on pg 289 he has a chapter summary which repeats the mistaken notions that it is culture that makes it possible to reflect and that choice depends on education ( memory ) and sharing . it 's clear that it is not culture but the inherited cognitive structures that make it possible to reflect and to choose and that culture determines the acceptable actions and their rewards or punishments . on pg 303 he discusses the classic philosophical barrier between ' ought'and ' is ' , unaware that our templates solved that problem long ago- -ie , they tell us how to feel about situations regarding other people . he also seems to be unaware that there are hundreds of cultural universals implanted in our genes ( eg see ' the blank slate ' ) . he often starts into what looks like its going to be a good discussion of some issue in evolutionary psychology , but invariably wanders off into philosophical arcana and winds up with more confusion . this happens on pg 261 where he states that concepts like ' praiseworthy ' were shaped over millennia by culture , while most would say the basis for such concepts is in the genes and each culture only detetermines the details of acceptable reactions to the intuitions its members get from their innate mechanisms . on pg 262 he tries to explain how an ess ( evolutionarily stable strategy ) can produce morality . his idea here is that genetic ` r&d ` produces dim understandings of morals and then culture ( memetics ) produces variations and clarifications . i would say that we all know , and much research has made clear , that we commonly get very clear results from our inference engines and only dimly understand in special cases . culture merely decides what we can do about our feelings . the last part of the book is mostly concerned with moral culpability. he refers to the legal classic by hart and honore , which i started reading 30 years ago since it 's authors were deeply influenced by wittgenstein. dennett tells us that we have control over our own morality and that thinking about morality will improve us. but , there seems no justification whatever for this view in this book . there is nothing at all here to help anyone escape from the dictates of the monkey mind. it is a defensible point of view that those who manage this do so by traveling a spiritual path that has no connection with philosophy - and there is not a hint of spirituality in this entire book- -another telling point considering that many mystics have fascinating things to say about the functioning of the mind. i find more wisdom about how to be free and moral in any of osho 's 200 books than anywhere in philosophy . one rarely finds spiritually and morally advanced people teaching at universities. there is no sign here , nor in anything he has done , that dennett is morally superior. after 40 years of thinking about morality he launches personal attacks on his critics or arrogantly dismisses them . it seems clear that , like all of us , he is trapped in the limits of his inference engines . so , how much opportunity is there to improve our morality ?  it seems clear ( eg , see pinker 's ` the blank slate ` ) that most of our behaviour is genetic and the rest due to unknown factors in our environment , in spite of the vigorous efforts of parents and religions and political parties . on average , maybe 5% of the variation in moral behavior ( variations are the only thing we can study ) is due to our own efforts. the moral choices that matter most today are those affecting the fate of the world. but our moral templates were not evolved to deal with overpopulation and the greenhouse effect . how remarkable it would be if just one of the hundreds of millions of educated people in the world managed to figure out what consiousness or choice or any mental phenomenon really is . and if one did , we would expect them to be a scientist at the cutting edge of research using some exotic fmri equipment and the latest parallel processing neural networked fuzzy logic computer etc. but a philosopher or physicist just sitting there thinking , coming up with the solution to the greatest puzzle there is ! and then writing a whole book about it without checking with the sceptics first . to return to the quote at the beginning- - 'ambition is the death of thought' . indeed- -though clearly wittgenstein was thinking of interesting thoughts 
books neg 67.txt it was just that dry and boring i never really connected with any of the characters , i gave up reading about 3 / 4ths of the way through 
books neg 935.txt a 600+ pages tour of flash mx buttons and menus.. . with just a couple ridiculously elementary " tutorials " thrown in . makes me think of somone who had to write a flash book and has never done anything with it but figure out how the user interface works . you wo n't find anything useful in here , that is about creating something with flash . as for me i am never gonna buy a book from this author again , and i am probably also ditching the whole " savvy " line as well . 
books neg 680.txt while it may have been well written , this book is disturbing and disgusting to put it mildly . if you or anyone you know are pregnant , or contemplating or trying to have children , do not read this book ! this is one book i can honestly say in retrospect , i would rather have failed the test on than ever have read 
books neg 146.txt the paper version is a real touchstone for the practice of all manner of applied mathematics . the cd-rom version belongs in the discount bin . here is why : 1 ) the cd-rom is edition 5 ; but edition 6 has been out for 4 years . 2 ) the dynatext software , which is needed to read / browse / search the book , is showing signs of age . it works fine on the computers of a decade ago but not necessarily on the machines of today . see the review of j.f.groote . the product is advertised as working on macs but will not work on most macs . specifically , it does not seem to work on either g4 or g5 hardware with os x , even under the so-called " classic " mode . i believe that the problem is that the browser is shipped as an executable that requires a specific architecture . it is usable under windows , but you might need to use one of the backwards-compatibility options to run the installer . it will not apparently run under any form of linux , the most recent ( and rapidly becoming the most popular ) transmogrification of unix . again , dynatext is put on the cd-rom as a binary executable ; if you are not using sunos 4 or 5 , solaris or sgi irix 5.2 then you can not use this product 
books neg 963.txt a little outdated , quite a few beers here are n't made anymore . beer reviews are always personal opinion , and you 'll read a bunch of people complain in these reviews that this guy does n't know what hes talking about . i 'd ignore what they say , everybody has their own preference . think about this before you buy this book : 1 ) why do you need to hear what somebody else things of beers ? 2 ) its very out dated.. . 5 years is a long time 
books neg 407.txt just to make the plot work . not very realistic . if you want a realist cop character , try michael connelly 's harry bosch . 
books neg 907.txt i thought this was the most boring book i 've ever read ! i hated it and about 1 / 3 of the way through i quit reading it 
books neg 161.txt sorry , this guy 's voice gave me the creeps . he sounds like a preacher . who can meditate without the ability to respond positively to the leading voice 
books neg 703.txt i really love to get these for my wife , surprises are best when i give them to her , and she enjoys all of them from this great author , but she and i were not happy when i thought i found another of this super special portal series : - ( . having a new cover is nice but its a new publisher with nothing more than marketing in their minds , really hated to say this but we all know her books are super great , just know this is a reprint before you guy and like others , get a little ticked its not new after you fork over the cash and get your hopes up ! peace everyone : - ) jeff 
books neg 263.txt the book is fine , except i had to skip lengthy descriptions about the dog trainer . she 's such a boring character . she 's young , but not motivated to work . in fact , she quited one of her jobs when macon covered her rent . the dog training job was just a pretext for her to try to hook up with some men , and get support . the point is that she does n't enjoy the job , thus , a detailed description of her dog training job ( which she does n't seem to enjoy ) was just a boring digression 
books neg 863.txt as a complete newbie to xml this was a good starter . as i got deeper into xml i found several mistakes / deficiencies in the book , and sometimes the author just flat out seemed to not know what he was talking about . for instance , the claim on page 86 that ( #cdata ) is a valid dtd element content definition is flat out wrong . his description of schema element declarations ( pp . 114-115 ) teaches that using globals / refs is the only way to define complex elements , and is inappropriate for his example . he makes no mention of globals at all , leaving the reader confused . i have ceased to trust this book as a valid source of xml information 
books neg 333.txt thriller and mystery readers like to guess along with our protagonists when we 're reading a story . we like to look for clues in what we 've read to help us unravel the plot , and find out who did it and why the crime was done . john grisham cheats us out of that fun . the villian of this book is n't introduced until there less than 75 pages left , which means that when you get that far , you realize that everything you read before then was n't valid . to have some red herrings in a thriller is fine , but to have 300 pages of chases and red herrings ? that 's bad . read another thriller instead of this one , one that plays by the rules 
books neg 860.txt this is one of the worst-written programming books i have seen yet . i 'm sorry i bought it . it appears to be written by a man who knows quite a bit about finance , and dangerously little about c++ programming . duffy 's review correctly describes the main flaws . i would add that ( 1 ) the book is not structured to build upon oo , gof patterns , or stl design principles ; ( 2 ) the code does not follow even basic c++ coding conventions ; ( 3 ) the images ( screenshots ) are agonizingly unreadable ; ( 4 ) the code listings are in italics using a variable-pitch font [is courier font code listing so difficult to include in a $100 book ? ? ? ] ; ( 5 ) no over-arching component object model is suggested anywhere in the book . some of the efforts at brevity are just plain wrong or even dangerously wrong to teach beginning programmers . for example , pg 19 data types section : - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - int - holds integer numbers up to a little over 2 million , for example , " int i = 2000000 ; . " long - same as int . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - wrong , professor ! this is not only a syntactically incorrect example , but a just plain wrong assertion . if the reader does not know how to determine the ( platform-specific ) size of an " int " or " long " , then the author has only served to confuse the matter further ! furthermore , i consider it a " cheapskate " tactic to ask readers to pay for the code from this book in electronic form ( particularly when the book 's code listings are so sloppy ) . that said , i would not use the code , even if it had been supplied for free ... but it *might* have been interesting to have something to play around with.. . have any of the reviewers actually used any code from this book without substantial refactoring ? the only use i could see for this book is for intermediate-advanced fin-techs , who want to review a few general algorithms for selected derivative calculations ( futures , forwards , etc ) ... but just be prepared to squint and suffer through reading the code 
books neg 312.txt the problem with this book is that it does not explain the mathematics well . the author connects the unsolvable equation with group theory but does not provide any way for the reader to understand exactly what it is that is wrong with the equation . why could the equation not be solved ? there is a reason for this fact , and the mathematical theory explains it well- -but not this book . perhaps a mathematician will write a book explaining why the 5th degree equation cannot be solved in general . the reason is the subject of galois theory taught in high-level mathematics courses but explainable in a popular book ; but apparently not in this one 
books neg 929.txt what should have been a fascinating book , at the very least as a voyeuristic experience , fails to deliver largely due to its poorly written pages . the text stumbles along from incomprehensible link to allusive derailment , making the mistake of huge chunks of repetitive material which inevitably detract from the fascinating subject matter . perhaps more of an editng disaster than an author 's failure.....at the heart of which lies a story deserving a more coherent telling 
books neg 786.txt i tried , i really did , but i could n't get beyond 100 pages . i love iris johansen books but it seemed she had no joy in writing this one , almost as if she were forced to do so . it contained none of her usual style . the dialogue was choppy and boring and nothing made you care about the characters . i 'm still a fan and hope the next book is written in more typical ij style . 
books neg 854.txt unfortunately , for all the name brand that this book conveys , i think the cover seems to be the most intriguing part . there are much better ways for book peddling and the fact that a firm such as mckinsey allowed their name on the title of a book for the sake of a few sales , boggles this readers mind . the subject matter seems to be along the lines of the bull session with all bull and no session . no actual quantitative analysis is used throughout the book , and if anything more than an encyclopedic definition is learned from this book , i would be astounded . save some money and go search online for some basic books on beginning valuation . by the way , those giving 5 stars either ca n't read english very well or are shills for mckinsey 
books neg 787.txt i would like to know what kind of a wuss needs to use a stradegy guide for a first person shooter ! ? i mean , they 're pretty straightfoward - walk forward and kill all the bad guys you see ! how hard is that ! ? halo is an awesome game but it 's really not hard to figure out what to do ! i mean you 'd have to be a complete moron not to know what to do or where to go . it tells you more than once what to do during the game - you got that extrememly annoying cortana yacking in your ear pretty much non-stop , tellin ' ya what to do . but anyway i 'm done ranting at you wusses 
books neg 223.txt this story should have and could have been really good . it presents a great concept , but the story is just so poorly crafted . it is very sexist , the prose is stiff , and the plot is dull . i will concede that it was interesting at times ; it kept me reading , but i really did n't get much out of it . i can only praise heinlein for including the " intelligent conversation " which takes place after the press conference , where there is a great explantion on why the english language is so difficult to learn . the whole story is just very odd . do read it though . it 's a title to read if you wish to be considered " well read . " despite its faults , valentine michael smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten , just as we will never forget atticus from " to kill a mockingbird . " 
books neg 241.txt i 've read great reviews about this book so i finally bought it because i could not get it at my local library . never ever finished the book - it was god-awful . badly written , incoherent story - it jumped around - just plain bad. . 
books neg 441.txt i thought that she was going to explain to you how to invest in rental properties without going into deep debt for yourself . however , the truth is you need money to invest in real estate . so , there 's really no way around it , which made her book redundant . she just gave examples of 3 people with 3 different investment strategies . in the end , the one with the most number of rental properties ended up with the largest profit growth . i really did not find the book useful for someone looking to invest in rental properties . 
books neg 490.txt i read this book after watching the brilliant movie version of " the hours . " if that 's your motivation , do n't waste your time . my english teachers will cringe when i say it , but this book , well , sucks . it may well be great literature , but the characters are not engaging , and if it was woolf 's motive to out-do james joyce in chronicling a day-in-the-life and in writing a stream of conscious narrative , she does n't pull it off . again , the characters and the internal mental life simply do n't have the power that " ulysses " has . reading woolf is necessary for a good eduction . i recommend , however , that you read " to the lighthouse " . i may still be motivated to read the book version of " the hours " given how great the movie was . but my taste for woolf is all done now . 
books neg 186.txt this has to be one of the worst written books i ever read . i ca n't believe there are so many ways to say the same thing . so far , danielle steel has found a way in the first third of this book . i just ca n't read the rest of it . generally , if a book is n't very good i can suffer through . this one has gotten on my last nerve . i had stopped reading her books because they had become so predictable . but , i do n't think i will be reading anymore of her books . it 's an insult to nora roberts and sandra brown for her to be ranked with them 
books neg 502.txt this book sucked because its like an autobiography of some idiot who knew nothing about what he was doing...his book is mostly life-stories...and stupid ones at that...some teeter the line of racism , he emphasizes attempting to hex some evil " fat black woman " and he demonizes some other young brothers later on in the book , i see most of the reviewers overlooked the fact that this guy was kind of out of line with his emphasis on " race " . and besides that , his 2 or 3 spells and such are old and tired...and there is no " self-initiation " for the type of voodoo he 's talking about.. . i am sorry but this book was a waste of time and money , i came away from this little book knowing not one single solitary grain of anything worth knowing . if you looking to learn about voodoo or vodun this book will not help . his title is also misleading because " voodoo " ussually refers to hoodoo and " vodun " ussually refers to the religion but this author isnt talking about either one....he 's just running his mouth on and on and on as if his life-experiences are even worth tellin . this book is a great example to why people of a foriegn back-ground to african based religions should not write books about it as if they could really know but so much.....this was a terrible book that this sorry author made about a system he obviously knows nothing about 
books neg 351.txt i forced myself to finish this book before i reviewed it , and being through with it now , i feel as though i 've learned very little . i had so many problems with this book , or rather the way of writing , mostly stemming from the completely pompous arrogance of the author , that this was a difficult read . in his defense , he is , in most things , very thorough . my main and overwhelming problem with this book was that the author was arrogant enough to believe that he could relay what leonardo was ( or as he sometimes put it & quot ; must have been&quot ; ) thinking or feeling . while i give mr. bramly credit as a man very much versed in his subject , in my opinion , that still gives him no right to use what i understood to be a faithful biography as a place to put forward his own views . since he himself stresses that leonardo 's famous notebooks contain little to no personal thoughts or feelings , he has no basis for those statements and they are only his overconfident postulations . in the instances that there is a controversy over some area of leonardo 's life , the author is very good about stating that there is a dispute regarding the matter , but only puts forward his own opinion , and his reasons why he believes what he does , without explaining the opposite side of the matter . in this manner , he forces his thoughts on the reader without leaving them any choice in the matter . sentences beginning with & quot ; i think&quot ; or & quot ; in my view&quot ; are not uncommon . he also makes certain assumptions about the reader , referring often to other artists ' works with the assumption that the reader is as knowledgeable as he is about them . also , he occasionally goes into great detail regarding a painting or drawing of leonardo 's , often drawing attention to coloring or texture , without ever showing it , though the book has many drawings and paintings throughout . the author is an undoubtedly intelligent , well-learned man , very erudite where leonardo da vinci is concerned , but entirely overbearing in his writing . overall , unless you are well versed in the renaissance artists and do n't mind being pulled out of a book by the author 's views , then i would highly suggest staying away from this one 
books neg 649.txt was given this book as a freebie- -someone must be buying up copies . for an austinite , this adoring account of the life of a hasbeen fifth-string techno-celebrity is a little embarrassing in its breathlessness- -kind of reminds one of the courtiers who saluted when louis the xiv 's chamber pot was carried by , except this is n't the sun king , guys . get a life , or at least an authentic artist to swoon over- -all of garriott 's stuff was strictly derivative . now that we have the real lord of the rings to watch , who cares about cheap imitations 
books neg 894.txt unfortunately there are not much words to loose . poor writing together with the fact that practically all facts were lifted from cameron 's ' conversation with wilder ' which is highly recommended btw , make this book forgettable . why going through the whole exercise of publishing it is quite a mystery 
books neg 484.txt i bought this recording with high hopes . what better complement to reading shakespeare than hearing him , right ? well , not with this recording . the cast is made up of & quot ; distinguished actors , & quot ; the insert proclaims , but it 's obvious that these actors have n't done shakespeare since they were in junior high school . nor have they improved since then : none of the actors has any feel for the shakespearean line . the speaking is stiff and mechanical , and half the time it sounds like a monty python farce ! when there are no visual effects to distract us , low-quality acting really sticks out . for audio recordings , you need the best voices . too bad arkangel did n't realize this . my advice ? grind up these cds and use them to fertilize your nasturtiums 
books neg 807.txt the author writes a book that does give you a mental workout while giving valuable insight into the theological / philosophical foundations of the emerging confession . there is value in that . i look forward to reading part two , the liturgical ideas section . the emerging church is keen on praxis , but the theological underpinings of this book in part one reminds me of past mistakes within christendom , which i had hoped we were past . here are some things that i am amazed do not occur to the others reviewing this book , which it might help to know : 1. rollins does not think it 's possible to really " know " much theology with " certainty . " in fact , to claim to have religious certainty is to hold an " idolatrous " view of god that is more our idea of god than really who god is . this is because it is virtually impossible to be objective for us humans , and because in his view , god was not all that interested in presenting much of himself in any sort of nailed down way . the irony i could not miss was the dogmatism with which he himself expresses his own views . he is very certain of his interpretations of " perceptive thinkers like nietzsche , freud , and marx , " eckhart , augustine , etc.. . and is very certain that his interpretations of the scattered verses from scripture are correct . i found his use of proof texting for his ideas to be really , really , faulty . as i 'm reading along i kept jotting in the margins all the times what he said was a really pretty clear misunderstanding of the new testament . so , be prepared for a frustrating read if you know the bible 's basic content . he is certain that no one should be certain , but him . ok , to be fair , he is not certain if christianity is true , and says so on page 44 , but he is certain that he should not be certain of christianity . nor , i guess , should you . with his view of " critique of ideology " how can he be so selective of what he is certain of . this seems like a self-defeating ideology . so strong is his disdain for " knowing " with any real certainty that he would do away with apologetics as if it were no longer appropriate to try to base our beliefs on reason at all . i was reminded of the case francis schaeffer made quite well regarding those who do not have any reason to believe something is true , but who take a leap of faith and believe it anyway . rollins needs to reread his francis schaeffer , in my opinion . he says the church is not to be about giving answers , but helping raise in people : questioning . indeed , given his views , how could he provide answers ? this book may look deep . i propose , it is merely muddy . 2. he redefines age old terms . orthodoxy is no longer about the content of what one believes , but how loosely one holds it . certainty of revealed truth is dangerous , misinformed , idolatrous . heresy is now a cute little thing . it has come of age . he says people will think his views undermine christianity . we are to just take him at his word that his views wo n't do so , but he does not really make affirmations to give any reasonable comfort and any one would , i think , see the writing on the wall . 3. he seems to think the emerging church is the only hope for unity or evangelism in our time among post moderns . after reading his views i wonder if it is possible for post moderns , those like himself , at least , to even understand the gospel . he has not . how can he be a bridge ? to be a bridge one must have footing on both shores . christianity is based on real events with real content that has been passed down , not without mystery , nor without debate , but in a very real and tangible way . he cannot be a bridge to something by changing that thing to something else . 4. he is right to be kind to people of other religions and to try to learn from them . the problem that is huge , and no one seems to notice , is that he seems incapable of learning or appreciating the christians who are in other camps . he considers fundamentalists , and by logical extension many evangelicals , to be pharisees and the true heretics in his new definition of the term , heresy . i kept thinking , what kind of " fundamentalists " is he so angry at ? he blasts the whole of that group and by extension most evangelicals , making generalizations that are misleading . very unobjective . unkind . very divisive . yet he thinks only his views can bring unity to christendom . i can see his views bringing unity to all religions , but it will never bring unity to christendom . he seems oblivious to the amazing amount of unity that now exists in christendom . times have really changed in the past 20 years . he is either unaware or has a different kind of unity in mind . 5. he makes god hopelessly difficult . god wanted , it seems , to speak in a plain brown wrapper...the common language of the people , the dust of humanity , the lowly donkey ride , the obscure but simple truth of the simple gospel . rollins has wrapped god up in nietzsche and while disdaining " human reason " as the means of knowing god has turned the living christ who said " i am the truth " into an enigma of mental gymnastics that is so complex only man could concoct it . god 's message is simple . it 's clear where it needs to be . it hints at huge mystery beyond what is stated . rollins makes it nearly all enigma , hinting at some possible truth out there from a winking god , who says out of one side of his mouth something is important and that we will be held accountable for knowing and obeying it , yet who has been unwilling or incapable , given man 's weaknesses , or his own lack of communication skills , to articulate it in such a way that a person can hold any theological content soundly . if , as tickle says , this is the christianity of the 3rd millenium , then the chrisitan faith is about to become the irrational man 's religion , the anything goes religion , and following generations will have to deconstruct today 's extreme and irrational over-reaction to fundamentalism . peter , i can learn some stuff from you , and i 'm sure some of my perception of what you were trying to say was likely lost in transmission . as it stands now i cannot agree with you on several points . your views trouble me . nothing against you personally . forgive any kind of perceived condescending tone . i hope to enjoy the rest of your book much more , though , it will for me be an upper story with out a first floor . regardless , if it inspires i 'll come back and add a star . hmmm 
books neg 219.txt i could n't read the whole thing in order to know for sure . it was dry . i did n't get the imagery - i know it 's supposed to be a classic , and i really wanted to read the book , i did - but it was long and boring and i just do n't get why it 's so " classicly popular " . sorry , but it 's how i feel . now , that being said , i read a condensed version of it , and i discovered the story was a little bit interesting - but that 's as far as i can go , even with the condensed version - it was only " a little bit " interesting 
books neg 622.txt too much wrong information in the text . photo captions = hit or miss . altogether : unreliable . take your needs elsewhere 
books neg 382.txt communism is one of the most evil ideologies in human history , responsible for the extermination of 100+ million people . this book ( which started it all ) holds at least much of the blame . communists were and still are a threat to the free world , and communism is a slave system . some " intellectuals " actually support the tired mantras of marx 's philosophy , whether because they are insincere or simply pedants who have n't seen enough sunlight , i do n't know . in any case , if they ever step foot in the real world they would take note that communism denies private property , and is totalitarian and slave-driving ( the government owns everything , including you ) . and the deaths caused by communism are hardly necessary to bring up . pol pot , mao , stalin ( of course ) , etc etc...who are these people kidding 
books neg 658.txt this book is a disappointment . it provides little insight into the life or personality of robert redford , the actor or the person . the book is basically a chronicle of the movies rr has directed or in which he has appeared as an actor . but even as a filmography the book fails . the reader learns little about the creation of each movie or the relationships among the actors beyond the anecdotes that have been repeated numerous times on tv or in the press . in addition , the authors have the annoying habit of consistently putting down robert redford with snide remarks . there must have been something about the actor other than his white teeth and good looks that made him an international superstar . for sure , it must be difficult to write a biography of such a private person as robert redford . however , it is the responsibility of biographers to gather information and gain an understanding of their subject , and if they ca n't do so , then there is no book 
books neg 590.txt all the reviews so far sound like personal friends of b.w. who are puffing the book . the book is simple and would require more information . so why not just go buy a book with more information . 
books neg 463.txt ed klein is really so desperate in his attack that he ca n't find any one person who will use their names in the attacks against hillary ! what a lot of misinformation and outright lies . to actually accuse marian wright edelman of using children for her own ends is short of criminal , and to insinuate that chelsea was the result of a rape , even though on the next page he discusses their fertility search to become pregnant , is disgusting . i should have known what to expect when the first two words in the book were monica lewinsky ! 
books neg 374.txt this is j.a. jance at her worst and the readers simpering narrations does n't help 
books neg 44.txt nothing in this book was usable for me . okay , very little . if i was trying to write the next _ethan frome_ , then this book would be perfect . instead i write sci-fi and fantasy . i was looking for tips to improve my description of things ; this book recommends describing different things . too much emphasis on metaphor ( which is a wonderful tool but a tad obvious ) . if you want to write in a way people might actually communicate , this book might be a waste of your time . however , poets and pure-literary writers might find it more useful than i did 
books neg 383.txt as a student of urban development and politics , i can confidently say that this book is a forgettable work of a parochial mind . davis offers a hardline marxist view of los angeles that , by employing simply economic analysis , does not allow for the intricacies of the city 's problems . class warfare plays a much smaller role in the sprawl of los angeles - - anyone outside of the iso should be discouraged from reading this baseless drivel 
books neg 959.txt i purchased this book several months ago . during that time i 've tried several of the recipes - the french lentil soup is very good . the chili and corn biscuit casserole was unappetizing . the chili was so-so and the corn biscuits were too heavy to my taste . the recipe for mushroom , french lentil and chestnut ragu says to " see glossary " for the chestnuts but there 's nothing in the glossary regarding chestnuts . it was n't until i read another recipe ( smoky chestnut and sweet potato soup ) that chestnuts were discussed . the mediterranean salad sounds good on paper but was lackluster . far too much red onion ( which my guests mostly picked out ) . although a number of the recipes are relatively simple there are several with very long lists of ingredients that take too much time and too many utensils to prepare . as someone who works full time , a 20-ingredient recipe holds very little allure , no matter how good it sounds . i had trouble finding some of the ingredients . for example , the author specifies several different types of squash which i have n't been able to locate at any of my local grocery stores or farmer 's markets . the book is organized in menus which are not listed in the table of contents . if you 're looking for a specific recipe you 'll have to spend some time with the index trying to locate it which is not convenient . the author definitely has some good ideas but this book probably will sit on my bookshelf more than on my countertop 
books neg 950.txt although a majority of readers obviously loves this book , i have to say that it really seemed like a waste of money to me . our only daughter left for college this year , but fortunately i have trained her in time to be independent . if your kid does n't have a clue how to live in the real world and if if you 're still willing to do everything for them and not have them take responsibilities for their own lives , this book is right for you . not in my dreams would i have made lists for her what to take because she can well do this herself ! i do miss her and she misses us but that does not mean clinging dependency ! i expected different things from this book , on a deeper psychological level 
books neg 391.txt native tongue by carl hiaasen this book is fast paced , has a lot of energy , and a zany weirdness . no doubt , it is a page-turner . and it is better than the other book of hiaasen 's i have read , double whammy . but all that does not a good read make.. . a strength of hiaasen 's books are his characters , well defined and numerous . most are straightforward stereotypes , from the out-of-luck journalist-turned-publicist , the vapid sex-phone girlfriend , a steroid-doped strongman , the crude-and-sleazy millionaire bad-guy , a muscular-but-clear-minded black good-guy cop , to the dumb-but-intrinsically good-guy burglars , and loads of redneck florida " crackers " . hiaasen makes this cast interesting by having them jump through zany hoops , and by casting two characters that are quite original , an environmentally-militant 70+ aged woman , and an environmentally-crazed former-governor-gone-wildman . and we meet psychotic whales and sex-starved dolphins . etc. etc. so what 's wrong . mainly , it 's that the book stays at a level of tv-sitcom-gone-book . it achieves zero depth in dealing with any subject . one might think that the exception is the environment , but the story is so inane that it cannot achieve traction even here . so perhaps native tongue is just pure entertainment ? if you like brainless action , gratuitous violence , gross humor , and zany " fun " , native tongue might satisfy . i have one additional problem with hiassen , and it 's similar to the problem i so often have with michael crichton . these books stink of hypocrisy . crichton makes a ( seriously good ) living off nifty science ideas while constantly bashing that same science . hiassen 's heroes work hard to rise out of the trash heap of modern society , but hiaasen 's writing routinely wallows in that same trash heap for supposed laughs and zaniness . while i enjoyed a few sections of native tongue , i had no doubts at the end that i had wasted many hours that should have been better spent 
books neg 862.txt ivalooshun is skary . i red the bibel . the bibel saez ivalooshun is bad . ivalooshun shud go away . i red wer sumwun saed the werld goez arund the sun but that is a lie . luk in the ski and yu can see the sun goe arund the werld . monsters is skary to . monsters shud goe away 
books neg 260.txt i agree with a number of previous reviewers . grimassi stretches a poor understanding of historical context to fit into what he bounces between & quot ; wicca&quot ; and & quot ; witchcraft&quot ; . wicca is not an old religion , indeed it is not much of a religion at all . it has always lacked definite theology ( what is the saying about ask three wiccans what they believe and you 'll get four answers.. . ) and grimassi does more damage than good by presenting historical materials is non-scholarly lights . in fact , the book is poor on all accounts . from confused terminology to & quot ; chopping&quot ; of source materials . this is a waste of money 
books neg 66.txt i am a woman and was extremely offended at the portrayel of black men in this book and in the movie . the work offers no balance whatsoever which feels like a slap in the face . one black male in this book could have been something other than weak or cruel . it is no wonder spielberg was eager to take on the project and white people are going to the theater in droves . the castration of the black male has always been their main attraction , apparently oprah 's as well 
books neg 72.txt i am not sure why the author thought he had something to offer on this subject . there was no original thought or useful lessons on the topic that was promised by the title . i read this book because it was the subject of an on-line book club for public health leaders but will be much more discriminating in the future regarding the purchase of books that are recommended by this group . 
books neg 492.txt i 'm perhaps the only steinbeck lover not to have yet read " grapes of wrath " or " east of eden . " instead i have focused on " of mice and men " and his lesser known works , such as " to a god unknown " and , my personal favorite , " pastures of heaven . " i 've been enamored with his ability to vividly craft characters in particular . when i began reading " in dubious battle , " it appeared the most engaging of all steinbeck 's work . telling the story of american communist party workers jim and mac , it begins with the story of hardscrabble jim initiating himself into mac 's radical cell . there is a great ( and misleading ) sense of intrigue - mac and jim travel by boxcar , work secretly through letters , go from secret contact to contact and finally arrive among disgruntled orchard workers . early on , the pace is fast , exciting , and engaging . suddenly , steinbeck simply fails to deliver , leaving the reader wondering when he 's going to pick up the pace again . after jim and mac slowly initiate a worker 's strike , i expected the sense of excitement to continue . it simply never does . summary of " in dubious battle " - workers get mad . workers get tired . workers get mad . workers get tired . workers get mad . workers get tired . the rest of the book mostly concerns jim and mac talking - and talking - and talking - and talking . and while their philosophical chats are mildly interesting at first , they simply repeat themselves for the rest of the book . most of the action takes place in the dark or far away from the narration , and most of the story simply concerns the strikers bickering over petty nonsense.. . ...and eating . steinbeck must have been peckish while writing this story , because at least a good 25% of the story concerns finding , eating , and ( worst of all ) talking about food . there is plenty of action that steinbeck could have shown during the story , but for some reason he prefers to focus on jim and mac endlessly walking from tent to tent in their encampment , discussing whatever comes to mind . steinbeck 's sense of intrigue and social injustice is worth reading the first few chapters . but i advise any reader of " in dubious battle " to take this course - after the strike is initiated , simply set the book down . you wo n't miss anything . nothing of great import happens , and only a very few memorable characters ever surface , and they are lost among the sea of forgettable faces . i suppose now i 'll give " grapes of wrath " a go . perhaps if it is n't one of his " greats , " it is n't worth reading 
books neg 631.txt unfortunately , for all the name brand that this book conveys , i think the cover seems to be the most intriguing part . there are much better ways for book peddling and the fact that a firm such as mckinsey allowed their name on the title of a book for the sake of a few sales , boggles this readers mind . the subject matter seems to be along the lines of the bull session with all bull and no session . no actual quantitative analysis is used throughout the book , and if anything more than an encyclopedic definition is learned from this book , i would be astounded . save some money and go search online for some basic books on beginning valuation . by the way , those giving 5 stars either ca n't read english very well or are shills for mckinsey 
books neg 945.txt this series is a travesty . i understand the feeling of loss when you finish a beloved series , but let laura , not macbride , have the last word on her family 's experience . so much in his books rings false : the clumsy historical allusions , the narrative voice , the potty humor . . . one of the greatest things about laura ingalls wilder 's work is the way her voice advances in maturity as she , the main character , grows : big woods is written for little girls and happy golden years for young women . macbride does n't manage this and talks down to readers . there is a tiny thread of laura in these books , but not enough to do more than frustrate her fans . sampling is for rap , not fiction . 
books neg 233.txt i am a jew living in a college town in mississippi for the past 5 years . i was born & raised in the north . i think evans should rename his book " fiddler on the roof in the south " . his book is a very nostalgic look back at jewish history - as it was in the past here . it 's very much : the southern jews were all so happy , they all fit in and were accepted , etc. he does cite a few instances where they had problems - but these usually involved us ' yankee jews ' , like the instances when a few ( yankee ) rabbis in the south fought for civil rights . evans should realize that times have really changed here ! the evangelical christians in my town ( which is most people here ) harrass me like crazy - ' i am praying for you ! ' ' have you read the words of jesus , who was a jew like you ? ' ' when will you come to my church' . blah , blah , blah . thank god for the minority of catholics , methodists , presbyterians and a few others who live here . they are the only ones to accept me for the way i am , and the way i will stay - a jew . i want all who are reading this to realize that i am only speaking for my experience . jews who reside in cities in the south have told me that they have had far better experiences , and that they cannot relate to what i am saying . but i do want to ask evans a few questions : 1 ) if things are so great for the jews in the south : why have you lived in new york for decades now ? ? ? 2 ) why do n't you at least write either a new forward to the book , a magazine article , etc. , contrasting some of the ways in which the lives of jews in the south have changed over time ( for some of us at least ) , primarily due to the rise of the evangelical christians ? i read evans ' books before i moved here , and nothing much he describes in his books is my life here . for a jew who really cares about her / his religion living here is depressing ; it is practically jew-less ; and , at best , the majority of a certain denomination of christians here ignore me . ( by the way , i am planning to move to a city ! ) by the way , do n't bother writing to me to tell me that i am " wrong " , or to invite me to things like the bible study at your church . believe me , with all the praying for me that is going on in this town , and all the myriad attempts to convert me , if it has n't happened by now , as they say in these parts , it just ai n't gonna happen 
books neg 824.txt i 'm very disappointed in this book , although some information in it is valuable , it will take a long time to read the entire book cover to cover . it is an excellent textbook but not a handy guide to flip to on a regular basis and find ideas for what you need . although broken into sections , they are not readily found or visible . one must search the information needed as in a research assignment . the reproducibles are mainly for elementary grades . this was not stated in the very short and brief summary of it 's contents , on-line . although the price was reasonable , i 'm not pleased with the way the book is organized & amp ; printed 
books neg 81.txt when i realized early on the time i would waste on this assemblage of leftover quips packaged around a absurd concept , i resolved that i would alert other readers . generally i enjoy this author 's works and anticipated this latest tome . i was surprised and dissappointed to find a lengthy novel which did nothing to disguise it 's clues or probable developments . everything was telegraphed and nothing was original . the conclusion was so lame that i was shocked that there was no effort to build suspense or intrigue . my advice is to skip this one and wait for the reviews on his next 
books neg 289.txt this book started well , but fell flat in the middle . what little conflict there was in the beginning was resolved halfway through . even the shooting incident could n't manage to hold my interest because it was resolved so quickly . well , i did n't bother to finish it- -i have limited time for reading , and i do n't like to waste it . 
books neg 458.txt what a complete and utter waste of time . its obvious how these guys got dubbed the nutroots 
books neg 803.txt the writing was not what i expect of andre norton . too many gaps and information that is disjointed . whether this is a consequence of collaboration i do n't know . i felt this should have had a strong editor to point out where things should be tightened . for example - at the start we know kirion has sent people to capture his sister . the book covers over 2 years , but you hardly hear of this again . i cannot imagine the sorcerer would just have let it drop . i am a long-time fan and retired children 's librarian . sic fi & fantasy is my favorite genre , but this one i had to push to finish . unsatisfying . 
books neg 644.txt i did not find this book very helpful when it came to identification . it did help with classification and mapping 
books neg 635.txt my blood was boiling as i read other customers ' rave reviews of " the prince of tides . " whoever considers this thesaurus-scrubbing , self-indulgent mess of cliches a literary masterpiece has no sense of language and literature . someone was even audacious enough to compare pat conroy to virginia woolf . what a joke ! woolf 's writing is brilliant , original , and real . she cuts to the quick , whereas conroy slathers his story in cloying metaphors and trite descriptions . one can almost see conroy congratulating himself on each simile and metaphor as he writes , not caring how superfluous or artificial his language is - - nor how unrealistic it makes the story . i laughed out loud at some of the words he puts in the characters ' mouths . in the real world , nobody is as self-concious and self-reflexive as the characters in this book . they do not speak in reams of figurative language . i cannot even get into how inconsistent and impossible the characters are , especially the children . also , conroy caricatures both places and exaggerates the cultural gulf between them . ( i make that claim as a southerner who lived in nyc for four years . ) it 's one of many , many flaws in this ridiculous book . read it if you like sensational stories with mass appeal ( john irving , etc. ) , but avoid it if you have any respect for the english language and for real american literature ( cheever , plath , hemingway , cather , etc. ) . do n't be fooled by all the fools out there . 
books neg 18.txt all throughtout this book alex delaware and his police friend milo never stop ruminating over every new fact they uncover . they have endless discussions on how a new tidbit might fit into the overall picture . the reader longs for the pair to actually do something . in the end the author walks away without even tying up all the main strings . that is really dirty pool after making the reader wade through all the yakking . i read and enjoyed several of the early alex delaware books and then quit looking for new ones , now i know why 
books neg 217.txt this was required reading for my british literature class . it 's the only novel in the class that i struggled with and only struggled from boredom . it is entirely possible that i just do not understand the genius that is forster , but i did not enjoy this novel . a lover of forster or modernist writing might enjoy it more . it must be a classic for a reason . 
books neg 387.txt i had to buy this book for a class . it is an extremely boring read and i struggle to keep myself awake while reading it ( as does the rest of the class i am told ) . it does tell you about dreamweaver though and i suppose that is its purpose . one thing that i do not like is the way the author is constantly bashing internet explorer and other isp's . his personal opinions are a real turn-off and unnecessary 
books neg 70.txt i did n't know why i chose to read this book . anyway , it was disappointing , really . the book was slow , and it was too long for a story of its type . i mean , i think the book could go on without some of the parts . when i was reading it , i only thought of putting it down because it 's making me go crazy . i thought the plot was shallow , but taylor 's self-conflict was even shallower . he kept on blaming himself about his father 's death well then it 's really his fault ! he was a coward . if you do n't believe me , go on and read about it.. . although you might get bored getting to that part because it 's towards the end . and i hated it when this stupid conflict got in the way with his relationship with denise . he was acting really immature ! he should have at least thought about denise but he was too selfish . it really sucked . and yes , i know that this is supposed to be a romance novel.. . but i kept on looking for that love factor althroughout the book . and what did i find ? nothing . oh , what a waste . it 's like sparks tried very hard to make the situations in the story seem romantic but as a reader , it did n't really capture the whole essence of what romantic situations should be like . if it had n't been for my hrr ( home reading report ) i would n't have finished reading this at all . i guess i 'm saying this because i 'm not into this genre . love stories are fine but this one.. . nah 
books neg 166.txt i wonder how long it will be before frost 's literary stock is devalued as much as it deserves to be . these are trite and banal poems that do not ring true or sincere . frost seems distant from both his poems and the reader . what he has to say is obvious and unoriginal . how he says it is on the level of a hallmark greeting card at its best ; at its worst , it is no better than a limerick . posthumous revelations about his horrific cruelty to others and his shrewd creation / manipulation of his celebrity image as the new england farmer-poet only confirm that there was something seriously wrong with this man and his poems that an earlier generation missed . how earlier generations could find genius in such obvious observations is astounding . bad poetry from a twisted man 
books neg 556.txt first of all , ike is doing the very thing that tina always said he would do . ike turner will never admit to what he did to tina . tina stayed around him for so long because she promised that she would never leave him like " all the others . " ike took advantage of her . tina her self said she cared very much for him . cher even had seen what was going on and tried to convince tina to leave him . even the girls that danced with tina on stage had whitnessed what happened . tina did not write her autobiography to promote her career , she herself said that she did not want to talk about what happened but the public kept asking her what had went on . so she released her autobiography in 1986 , well after her come-back in 1984. while ike can try to deny it all he wants , the truth is he violently abused tina ! and considering the person ike turner is , i would expect him to do no less than to lie and make a pathetic-excusse of a come-back ! ! 
books neg 845.txt ugh. i did not even try to finish the book . it is full of sexual content . not recommended for anyone who likes clean literature 
books neg 236.txt i know that no book can cover every topic , but this book left a lot out . it went into great detail about what i should do if i got some pretty rare diseases , but barely touched on the subject of morning sickness , which is much more common . and some of the information was just plain wrong . i trashed the book when it made me freak out in the 20th week because i could n't feel the baby move . it advised that i should call the doctor . when i did , i found out most women do n't feel it move until 21 weeks . unfortunately i found this out after i had cried my eyes out thinking something was wrong . i would not suggest this book to anyone 
books neg 865.txt this book is total self-propogating hogwash . garbage . save your money , and your life , avoid this book like a big mac 
books neg 685.txt excellent , how to technical reference , easy to read and understand , a must have book for those interested in biodiesel , and / or waste vegetable oil 
books neg 745.txt eliot cohen has an impressive background in policy work ( osd ) and academia ( naval war college and harvard ) . i had high hopes for this book because i thought his experience with the military combined with his academic work would produce a focused and well-grounded work . i was disappointed . i never really bought his argument that political leaders can lead war better than generals . he seemed to cherry pick leaders than fit his mold . i could not believe that someone who works so closely with the military would generalize military leadership in such a stereotypical way . the article might have made a good article in a foreign affairs journal , but the author seemed to fill out the book with a lot of interesting but not really relevant historical stories and facts . the lincoln chapter providing nothing that has not been stated numerous times in more detailed and focused work . the churchill chapter was the best . cohen obviously has extensively studied churchill . his sections on how the historical view of churchill have ebbed and flowed over the years was well done , thought not rally tied to the focus of the book . i learned the most from the ben-gurion , since i knew the least about him . the book may be useful to an undergraduate class studying political leadership or foreign policy , but beyond that the book unfortunately offers little that is new or of great interest . 
books neg 119.txt there were so many continuity errors and spelling problems in this book that i had to stop . trying to follow two-dimensional characters are difficult enough . i was just looking for a good fiction book that contained gay themes , characters or both . i got the gay but not the story 
books neg 84.txt just awful save your money , this book is not worth it . the pictures are dull and lifeless , boring composition . mann has n't captured anything here but a bunch of worthless photos . any 10th rate amateur photographer could have done better . 
books neg 659.txt this dictionary is just another long-winded , pretentious , unreadable , high-brow attempt to legitimize anthropology . the authors of each definition are more concerned with impressing their peers than giving the average person clear insight to cultural anthropology . if you are struggling through a cultural anthropology class , and are looking for a dictionary with clear definitions , forget this book 
books neg 619.txt you get a view into 60 's white america . the only people of color in this book are a policeman , and a caricature . i do n't have a problem with other seuss books where they are set in fantasy land and the whole world is make believe . this is set in everyday life , and i think its best left on the bookshelf , it has nothing to offer my child who has and who lives in a world where folks have brown eyes and black hair , not to mention various shades of skin colour . the rhyming is also not entertaining enough to enjoy and makeup for this one-dimensional & quot ; white&quot ; depiction of the world 
books neg 919.txt i ordered the book from them on nov1. on nov 15 i called and they told me they did n't have it . the money was returned by amazon 
books neg 601.txt i must agree with my 1 star friend . this book does n't deliver . it spends all this time talking about things that we could grasp just by looking in the help section of the program . it goes over basic things several times and makes it sound very complicated when it is totally simple . this book is good for people who have alot of time to waste and money 
books neg 212.txt i bought this book for my ccnp recertification . i ran into a bunch of stuff on the exam that was not covered in this book or was in greater detail than was covered by this book . i used sybex books before on my original ccnp certification and i passed . if i try to recertify , it wo n't be with one of those books . i 'll use cisco press . live and learn . 
books neg 396.txt " ...minus several million for good thinking.. . " - zaphod beeblebrox , the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy the above quote ( and the score i 've assigned to this book ) are n't in reference to the text or the author , but to the publishers . why anyone with the brains of a sea urchin would cross professor hawking as they seem to have done is beyond me . briefly , save your money and buy the illustrated brief history of time instead of the theory of everything , even if you 're a compulsive hawking completist . alert readers should notice that hawking does n't hold the copyright for theory of everything , and attempted to block its publication . it was originally titled the cambridge lectures : life works , and appears to have been drawn from some recordings of lectures given by the professor years ago . ( see the professor 's web site for details . ) the " vanilla " ( i.e. , not the illustrated ) theory of everything consists of an introduction , seven lectures , and an index , without *any* illustrations or diagrams . out of curiosity , i compared a library copy of it with the illustrated brief history of time . unless otherwise noted , each of the 7 lectures corresponds to a chapter of the same name in brief history , in some segments only with slightly different paragraphing and punctuation ( and occasionally the kind of spelling errors that creep in when one transcribes audio narration to text , if i may speculate as to the cause ) . i do n't understand why anyone would prefer the less polished text of theory of everything to the illustrated brief history of time , which not only has updates for new areas of research , but has been revised and rearranged to explain things more gently to the layperson . " ideas about the universe " is essentially an extract from " our picture of the universe " , the first chapter of brief history , with about one sentence 's worth of drift per paragraph . brief history 's version of " the expanding universe " has a more gradual introduction to the methods of measuring distances to nearby stars , and explains technical terms that may be unfamiliar to the non-scientist , such as luminosity . theory of everything really shows its age in " black holes " when compared to brief history , as hawking has not been idle in that area over the years . the illustrated edition of brief history has had a fair bit of interesting material added to " black holes " , especially regarding cosmic censorship and naked singularities ( hawking having made a few *more* bets on the subject with preskill and thorne , although he paid off the cygnus x-1 wager ) . " black holes ai n't so black " lacks major blocks of clarification / explanation added by hawking to the version in brief history . brief history 's version of " the origin and fate of the universe " goes into more detail : about the kinds of particles that are predicted to have come out of the big bang , and what sort of results we 'd expect to see today if the predictions hold , and the scientists who first put forward these theories . brief history also contains a much longer version of the " open questions " section , leading more gradually up to the discussion of guth 's development of the inflationary model . " the direction of time " corresponds to brief history 's " the arrow of time " ( which is worth picking up just for the picture of the keeper of the u.s. cesium clock ) . brief history goes into more detailed examples to explain what hawking means by the psychological arrow of time , with the simplest kind of " computer " : an abacus . " the theory of everything " mainly corresponds to brief history 's more modestly titled " the unification of physics " , which is much more up to date ( string theories are still covered , but a lot more work has been done in that area over the years ) . the tail end of the lecture corresponds to the ending of brief history 's " conclusion " . - - in summary , this is interesting stuff , but the illustrated brief history of time does it better 
books neg 393.txt i did not enjoy this book at all because it was writen in a very distracting fashion . while it was unique , it was too hard to get into . i also really hated the story , it was also too confusing to follow , to strange to enjoy , and to boring to care . i totally hated this book and it was near torture and a waste of time to read . the only reason that i read this was because it was for my book club . the reivews , by the way , in the club were 50 / 50. some loved it , the rest of us hated it . there was no in-between . i would only recommend this book to someone who is into odd literature or to english majors , i 'm not sure who else would like it 
books neg 577.txt i got really disapointed when i received and read this book . it provides advanced techniques that a regular woodworker would never use . the parts that woodworkers use the most are vague . i 'm not intereset in making violins or boats . i need techniques to bend wood , to use joints for curved surfaces , to build equipment and fixtures to bend wood and so on . this book lacks of the practical guidelines to do so 
books neg 423.txt i think its not wise to refer to only one source here is one of the testmonies : " i was born in israel ( palestine then ) to a well-known jewish religious family . we are living in israel for many generations ; well before the zionists infiltrated the middle east . jews and moslems always lived in peace in palestine until the zionists came from europe , massacred the palestinians ( dir yassin , etc. ) and forced them to run away from their lands and get locked into the refugee camps across the borders for almost three generations . studying in a jewish religious school in tel aviv , i was taught that the ' bad arabs ' conducted pogroms all over palestine killing jews . my family told me the opposite : we lived in palestine in peace for generations with our moslem brothers . when the zionists started their pogroms ( dir yassin ) , the moslem acted in revenge and started their own pogroms , killing jews . however , our moslem friends actually saved the lives of our family by hiding us in their own houses at a risk to their own lives . " http : / / www.rense.com / general54 / thank.htm you can make your search with many of the anti-zionism jewish organization all over the world . 
books neg 679.txt i 've seen much better photos / articles on dylan and would not suggest this particular work . i will be selling my copy in the used section . 
books neg 584.txt i am a big fan of the missing manual series . previous books have given me lots of insights into my installed software and have made my computing time much more efficient . i therefore approached this book with much enthusiasm . office is such a gargantuan program , with tons of bells and whistles , that microsoft itself estimates that most users take advantage of less than a third of its capabilities . however , the book is a major disappointment , because of its many mistakes and poor organization . most of the mistakes are ones you can work around- -for example , on page 8 the topics covered by appendixes a and b are reversed- -but the sheer number of such mistakes makes reading the book a major distraction . every few pages i find myself going to the missing manuals web site to report yet more errata , such as incomplete or wrong instructions , figures that do not agree with the text or figure captions , incomprehensible writing , seeming confusion between the mac and pc versions of the program , etc. and i agree wholeheartedly with a previous reviewer who complained about the inadequate index . it looks as though o'reilly publishers did not do an adequate proofing of the book , but instead rushed it out as soon as possible . that is too bad , because i will now be much more hesitant to purchase another missing manuals title 
books neg 514.txt i worked with the author in the narcotics section of the chicago police department . please do not let the author 's perception of the truth sway your opinion about the chicago police department and the men and women who serve proudly . the author claims that the narcotics section and its policies were a leading contributor to his decline . i think not . he thrived on these practices and used them to his advantage . all we saw was a selfish and immature young man who thought of himself first . if the author thinks that only the commander of the narcotics section was disgusted with his drug usage and failing his urinalysis , he is dead wrong . we all were . if you read this book , please do not indict all of us because of one person 's jaded stories . 
books neg 955.txt my paperback copy fell to pieces after ten days ! it is full of nice photographs but when the individual pages are lying in a chaotic heap on the floor it hardly matters how pretty the pictures are or how intelligent the text is , does it 
books neg 743.txt this " book " is probably the worst written i 've ever encountered . it was so flawed as to be considered literature . alice walker tries to " one-up " harriet beecher stowe , in writing about brutality . titles like these are weapons used in the anti-black male agenda this society has long perpetuated . all the men depicted in this book are one-dimensional characters with absolutely no redeeming qualities worth noting . the women are portrayed as martyred , forlorn , pseudo-saints who have been set upon by beasts from hell . the only persons capable of any sort of humanity are exclusively women . i 've learned long ago , when absolutes such as these are presented , a greater agenda is at work . there are no " real " men in this book ! only distorted caricatures of black masculinity . i only found value in this book as a comprehensive example of sexist misandry at its worst . i find this title as dangerous as hitler 's " mien kampf " , in it 's portrayal of black men as evil and morally destitute . presenting such depictions is both dangerous and irresponsible . true , there are criminally abusive men in every culture . but there are also forthright , upstanding men as well . to present a depiction of such vehement imbalance and disparity , only serves to distort the readers view of the people being written about . harriet beecher stowe 's fictional " uncle tom 's cabin " , sparked national outrage and eventually a bloody civil war . this title does no less in further distorting the readers perceptions of black men . this book is fiction . however , it is not presented as such . i 'm sure the abusive incidents depicted in this book have been based upon actual incidents . i have no qualm about outrage at such abominations . however , i do have a problem when there are absolutely no upstanding male figures who intervene in such aberrations . that is what i find so unbelievable and offensive about this book . in my opinion , this novel does nothing to laud the strength of women so much as it demeans and distorts the readers / viewers of the people within it . i do n't find it a testament to the strength of black women at all . i interpret this book as feminist misandry with two purposes...the further distortion of african-american culture and the deliberate depiction and denigration of the black male as being hopelessly inhuman . i 'm sure alice walker made a lot of money with this book . feminist , racist extremism seems to have found a niche in literature . i wonder if this novel would have had the same accolades , were it a fictional depiction of white american men brutalizing white women . most definitely not ! ! ! i doubt it would have even found a publisher . america is comfortable reinforcing negative depictions of black men and african-american culture . my life as a black man is difficult enough living as a testament and example against this sort of racial distortion . whatever ms. walker 's motivations were in writing this novel , i 'm sure mercenary incentives were not discounted . this is racist , misandrist propaganda masquerading as literature ! 
books neg 523.txt i have reviewed all 31 chapters of psycho-babble in the book ( and the epilogue too ) . a very " nice " read . indeed entertaining and yes , funny in many ways . they also use doubtfull suggestions - like bringing " doughnuts " because people like them ! ? they also " demystify " some " myths " about teamwork . ( i do not know where they got those myths from ) - another fragment of their imagination , i suppose . this " business " book is more of a " romantic novel " about something relating to " teams " , full of anecdotal references ( very life-like ) - but totally unsubstantiated , wanting us to " believe " that indeed , " teams things " are like they describe it . from an entertaining point of view - very . from an academic point of view - null . for a business person - if you have time to waist , have fun . it is interesting to note that they got a uk award for their book . ( for entertaining i suppose ) . i guess this is a way of promoting the book . good marketing technique . 
books neg 222.txt this book is pure fiction , nothing more . the problem is that is presented as fact - albeit little known fact . i wo n't repeat the good points made by some of the other reviewers , except to say that i also concur with the criticisms of the book . it makes for difficult reading . it really is not worth the effort , as you will not have any worthwhile information in the end . in fact , if you are a historian or scholar , stay away from it 
books neg 462.txt the book is obviously well-researched and the chapter on the riders was interesting . however , the author included a lot of details that just really did n't matter-as if he threw in the entire contents of his research rather than sifting out the relevant facts . the photos and illustrations that he used were illuminating and contributed to the educational value of the book . my professor was able to bring dr. schrag to talk to our class . he was a good lecturer-keeping the class ' interest with humor and introducing us to new ways to look at photography and the metro . if he could make his writing style more like his teaching style , i think he would have much more success as an author 
books neg 648.txt bestseller -stupid plot -horrible plot -dumb characters i have one conculsion matthew reilly was trying to buy up all the copies of this book to save himself from embrassmen 
books neg 19.txt the book jacket for " the ruins " offers a can't -miss premise : a group of post-grad american tourists at play in mexico jump at the chance for a little adventure among mayan ruins but find but then find themselves in unimaginable danger . it 's the stuff of great summer thrillers ready to be taken to the beach . but 319 pages later , the reader is left to wonder whether or not the publisher put the wrong book in the jacket . almost immediately , you 'll notice that smith 's writing is as dense as the jungles that make the setting . however , despite the endless stream of words , his descriptions are often threadbare . plus , there are no chapter breaks , which eventually pushes the pace until it feels like an assignment to continue . next , the characters themselves begin to fall flat . there are only really two couples to keep track of , and yet it 's difficult for the first third of the book to distinguish them . there is little to keep you interested in what they 're doing or why they might be doing it . smith 's attempts at developing these four as characters come in fits and spurts . this seems obviously haphazard and hurried - the author is jamming in backstory whenever needed to explain characters ' actions as if he were patching leaks in a dam . by the end of the book , the foursome seems to be as disinterested in each other as the reader is in them . and for the readers who are hoping to discover something of interest in the setting such as mayan mythology or archeological lore , forget it . aside from language barriers with the locals , there is no reason why this fantastical story could n't have been set in the wilds of the rocky mountains , the saharan desert , or anywhere else . the danger posed has nothing to do with mexico , archeology or mythology at all . ah yes , the danger posed . well , i ca n't say much at all because anyone could give away the entire book with one line of explanation - that 's how thin the plot is . the numerous other reviews that fault this as a short story masquerading as a novel are exactly right . suffice it to say that when you do realize what the danger is ( and you 'll realize it well before any of the well-educated characters do ) , it 's a real eye-roller , as if to say " i read this many pages for this ? " . by the time the story concludes , it 's more irritating than suspenseful . the characters take so long to blithely undertake any course of action at all that you 'll start rooting against them . eventually scenes of gore start piling up in an obvious and lazy attempt to interject some action , but even aside from being misdirected , it 's too little too late . this book could have been an adventure , a supernatural thriller , a survival tale , or a horror screenplay . it could have even taken the high road as an examination on people 's reactions to situations of extreme stress : some take the lead , even enjoying the challenge , while others whither into a shell of hopelessness . but none of the possibilities ever come to fruition in this disappointing effort . 
books neg 36.txt i was very disapointed in the book.basicly the writer took bits and pieces from books written by others , twisted their words and put his own spin on it.it repeats itself over and over being so repetative i had to put it down.there are good books out there written by people who were there.i suggest you take a look at those.i read many good one 's but this book wasnt in that catagory 
books neg 465.txt there is no doubt that antonia fraser 's " the journey " is written in the author 's usual wry , witty and highly engaging style ( although i must say that i never before heard of sex described as " lugubrious . " ) there is also no doubt that fraser has done a great deal to redeem marie-antoinette 's shredded reputation by accurately describing her as being compassionate to the hardships of the french people . the book is full of vivid detail which makes it very readable . however , i was disappointed to see that fraser resorts to many popular misconceptions . for one thing , why does fraser act like marie antoinette was the only princess to be sent away from home as a teenager to seal a dynastic marriage ? what about sophie of anhalt-zerbst ( catherine the great ) who was also a young stranger in a foreign land ? this sort of thing happened all the time - it was what being a princess was all about . i was glad that fraser did not fall into the myth of louis xvi 's impotence / phimosis and surgery and all that . she simplistically portrays him as being asexual , which was not true , because he told his aunt after consummating his marriage that he enjoyed " it . " but never has any other biographer subjected the reader to the spectacle of fersen and the queen fiddling with primitive prophylactics while consummating their grand passion . i must say , it is a first . fraser insists that marie antoinette slept with fersen for many years and yet gives no solid proof , while at the same time maintaining that she was a woman of high moral character . i usually do not think of a woman who is shared by both a lover and a husband as having a high moral character , but i guess fraser does . oh , well . it is such romantic fantasies that turn this book into more of a soap opera than a serious biography . i found it absurd when fraser insists that the tormented queen of france was ultimately a martyr for the cause of the socialism and democracy which the french people now enjoy . if the queen had had her way , her descendant would be reigning today , and that is just the reality of it . for a better study of marie antoinette 's relationship with her husband , i would recommend vincent cronin 's " louis and antoinette . " as for better biographies of the queen , let me join some fellow reviewers in the hope that the works of delorme and bertieres will soon be available in english 
books neg 357.txt i really thought i would be able to learn about the philadelphia project from this book , considering the title . however , the actual project does n't make an appearence until the last chapter . the entire book focuses on ideas that may or may not have contributed to a project that may or may not have taken place . this book was disappoiting to an extreme . 
books neg 500.txt while " talk to the hand " is inescapably mediocre in comparison to " eats , shoots & leaves " , a book i found amusing , though not up-to-par to its new york times bestseller status , this book does have its moments . however , i was uterrly bloody appalled at the rudeness of lynne truss in presuming to make a comment that , despite whatever way she meant it , ended up sounding like she thought gluten intolerance was a choice . i find it interesting that she , or at least her editors , did not further investigate the disease ( which , indeed , gluten tolerance is ) before publishing such a degrading remark . oh , yes , bloody well sorry , ms. truss , for invading your rude , stay-home-and-bolt-the-door causitive world with yet another irritation which , i 'm sure , someone created just so you would have to sit in a restaurant and listen to someone else get special treatment for a fad diet . let 's just go and , well , obliterate a genetic disorder ! while we 're at it , we might as well just make the lactose intolerant drink milk . if it pleases and thanks you , ms. truss , we celiacs will eat cake . ( oh , bloody hell , did i just say " please " ? ) despite the fact that lynne truss makes this world out to be such a horribly rude place , i have to wonder if she 's experiencing the effects of projection . in explaining how rude we humans are , it was necessary for her to be quite rude , as well . it is not simply the celiac remark to which i refer : i also found her supermarket incident , in which a kid shouts at his mother , " i want that one , you effing bitch ! " , among others , a bit offensive . as a member of both the gluten intolerant community and the younger generation so responsible for this rudeness , i was often thoroughly appalled by this book . no , my friends and i do n't usually hold doors for each other , but , in general , i thank and get thanked in return for a money lend or a coffee downtown . frankly , i find myself more often in the perpetual motion of manners with my friends , as well as strangers , than in a cycle of rudeness which includes swearing for the sake of swearing and no regard for others . i can safely say that all of my friends ignore their cell phones if we are having a conversation , or , if they must answer , they apologize profusely before going outside to talk so they do not offend the people around them . i have to argue that we are not a select group . in today 's world , one sees what one expects to see ; one is treated as one expects to be treated . ms. truss , i believe , would find that perahps if she simply lowered her expectations slightly and gave out all the respect she possibly could , she would be surprised to find that , when people are rude , she cares less because she knows that she , at least , is doing her best not to be . if she did this , maybe she would be less likely to jump all over people who are rude because she would not be so worried about her own behavior . my last complaint is this : " gluten crap " ? you would think that such a sophisticated , eloquent ( as she is dedicated to proving ) person as lynne truss would have been able to find a better word to describe gluten than the third-year , am-i-not-so-cool-and-bitchin ' ( ? ) style word " crap . 
books neg 874.txt if we are to draw equivalent lessons from both the prague spring and street protests in the u.s. , as kurlansky attempts in this book , the connection should depend on more than that they simply occured in the same year . the reader is owed specifics , yet is rewarded with little more than vague platitudes . prague was a protest against a government which not only lacked representation and dissent , but prohibited it . chicago et al were protests against decisions made by a representative government , however flawed , resulting from open debate . a bigger difference could hardly be imagined . but kurlansky does see striking differences , albeit only in the post-1968 world . the soviet bloc began it 's decent to oblivion , while the capitalist west avoided the same . his disappointment in the latter is not hard to glean , though what manner of " revolution " he envisions is never rendered to specifics , likely for good reason . but who needs details when false equivalencies and empty platitudes will do 
books neg 506.txt book goes over a lot of information in a very short time , but not much of that information is worth anything unless you 're building a circle-track or drag car . took the hit and ordered stanforth 's competition car suspension 
books neg 417.txt having read a few bosch books already ( the closers and lost light ) , i realized that i should probably start at the beginning to get better insight on how bosch became the bosch i was reading in the later series . however , i was very disappointed with this book . one of the most irritating aspects of this book was the grammatical errors ( mispellings and such ) . i found 3 or 4 in the first 50 pages ( before i stopped reading ) ! i thought it was ironic that connelly was thanking his editor at the beginning of the book , because it did not seem that anyone was editing this book . also , i found the book to be too gritty . it lacked the emotion and soul that i found in the later books . it seemed that connelly was trying too hard to make bosch fit this certain mold , but then transformed the character to be more likeable in the later books that i read . so it was disappointing that this book could not hold my interest because i just finished reading the narrows and loved it , and will probably pick up some other bosch books and just read it out of order . connelly 's writing seems to be getting better and better , which should explain why i did n't enjoy this book and could n't finish it . i gave it 2 stars because it might have gotten better and maybe i was too impatient . this is one of those series that seems like it is better to read out of order 
books neg 277.txt the literature of september 11 is never attacked . when a book speaks of september 11 ( or of terrorism in general ) , it is more or less guaranteed immunity from criticism ; it will almost inescapably be greeted with sympathy . jonathan safran foer 's extremely loud and incredibly close banks on such sympathy , on such reverence . the narrative , which concerns a nine-year-old boy named oskar schell in search of a key that would unlock / unshell the enigma of his dead father ( a narrative stolen , in its basic outline , from guenther grass 's die blechtrommel ) , could have been written entirely without its scattered references to the terrorist interventions . nor is this trauma the only one presented in the novel : the others include hiroshima / nagasaki , the staten island ferry crash , and the dresden bombings . each disaster is generalized to the point at which what is addressed is not a traumatizing event in its specificity , but historical " trauma " itself and the overcoming of trauma through bereavement-inspired creation . oskar , the insufferable brat , attempts to complete the work of mourning for his father , thomas schell , jr. , a victim of september 11 , by compiling an almanac of self-inflicted wounds , the collage of images and letters which is the book we are " reading " - --an almanac which , most likely , is written sometime in the indefinite future ( thomas shell , sr. 's manuscript of 4 / 12 / 78 is heavily edited ( pp . 208-216 ) . who has done the editing ? almost certainly an older version of his grandson oskar ) . if the term , " reading " even applies . whenever a " pregnant " image is described , foer literally re-presents it in the form of a pictorial image . when a flock of birds rises into the sky , it is not enough that we read of these birds- --we must see them as well . words may not be left in their invisibility ; we are presented with supplementary photographs , illustrations , since mere verbality is not enough . ( indeed , the entire novel oozes with misologos - - - the mistrust or hatred of language - - - in terms of both its content and its form . ) photographs , yes , and also a superabundance of blank pages and nearly blank pages . space is not used in the manner it is in the works of edmond jabes , for instance . typography does not substitute for a well-wrought sentence . foer abrogates himself of all responsibilities - - - most specifically , the responsibility to write well . why bother when the pyrotechnics of typography are at his disposal ? as far as the writing is concerned , it is composed of nothing other than mind-numbingly , soul-deadeningly repetitive phrases ( " heavy boots , " " raison d'etre , " etc. ) and sunday school platitudes : " sometimes one simply wants to disappear " ( 184 ) ; " there 's nothing wrong with not understanding yourself " ( 184 ) ; " everything that 's born has to die , which means our lives are like skyscrapers " ( 245 ) ; " how can you say i love you to someone you love ? ... it 's always necessary " ( 314 ) . whenever the author writes something that he finds " beautiful " and " true " ( 165 ) , he congratulates himself on his brilliance and tells us that that thing is " beautiful " and " true . " the entire book reeks of such unearned profundity . we also learn that most dust is made up of human detritus- --a very deep truth indeed , one that foer also communicates in his essay , " emptiness " ( originally published in playboy ) with all of the sanctimoniousness and self-righteousness of the faux naif who serves as the center of the novel , a sunday school lecture in which we learn that famous musicians ( ringo star ) and scientists ( stephen hawking ) are unthreateningly approachable : everything is familiarized . perhaps it is wrong to criticize foer for including so many blank pages in extremely loud and incredibly close , since the entire book is a vacuum : null space into which readers may project their own meanings . joseph suglia , ph.d . , the author of watch out 
books neg 400.txt we have to use this book for the college class that i 'm taking and it is a horrible book . i often find myself looking for help on the internet rather than going to this book . it is poorly organized , i have to go to the index in order to find something i specifically need because the book is n't in any order . i would n't recommend this book to anyone . find another there are many more 
books neg 530.txt i do agree that books containing racist positions should not be given to children without a strong and fully aware comment . but i simply cannot stand to buy a sanitised version of a book without being aware of it . this is called censorship , and it gives me the creeps . as a parent , i have had enough real life opportunities to prove racism wrong to my children . so to realise that somebody has been cheating on me , trying to do my job so that i did not have to explain how society has evolved , how difficult it has been for minorities to be recognised and respected is just a fraud . this review is about the harper collins edition , edited by patricia c . and frederick l . mckissak , illustrated by michael hague 
books neg 571.txt i have read this book , mr. moon 's & quot ; divide and quit&quot ; , mr. khosla 's work , & quot ; stern reckoning&quot ; amongst others on the subject of the partition . ms. butalia 's work is so saturated with her personal opinions and idealogy , that it almost ceases to be a work on history than the airing of one 's thoughts and mindset . almost a diatribe , if i may . i will agree with what john_galt_who has written . i think he has hit the nail on the head . i did not consider this book worth either the money or the time 
books neg 962.txt this is where ordering a book through the internet is a little disappointing , as you ca n't browse the book before purchasing it . & quot ; camping activities for kids&quot ; is very light on the & quot ; activities . &quot ; it does a good job of laying out items that should be brought along on ones first camping trip , but falls short on suggesting outdoor activities for kids . the activities that are suggested are a little simplistic . for example , & quot ; laying sticks apart from one another and pretending it 's a river , and then have the kids jump over it and playing golf with sticks and using pine cones as balls . &quot ; i was hoping for more endepth activities . if it 's your first time camping this books okay , but if you 've camped for awhile and your kids are a little older the book falls short so look for something else 
books neg 883.txt what this is : an epic adventure . it would be imappropriate to review the wot series when speaking of the prophesies of the dragon book ; it 's also not really a supplement akin to , say , the monster manual for d&d- -the only extra skills , feats , backgrounds , etc are those directly related to npcs in the campaign . what prophecies is designed to do is take a party of characters through their first six levels of adventuring , which correspond roughly to the first six books of the series of novels . the players are allowed to play a key behind the scenes role in the story of the novels and cameos have been scripted for many of the book 's key characters . it 's a really ambitious undertaking ; players have to be given a compelling storyline , feel like they 're making a difference in a campaign that covers over a year of game time , without letting them change what happens in the novels . does it work ? i am currently gming this adventure . on paper , it looks really good . some of the scenes , especially in the later parts of the story , look exciting , moving even . faile 's cameo is perfect , for example . in practice , though , it 's been an extremely frustrating experience . first , the early encounters ( as pointed out by another reviewer ) are unnecessarily difficult and add nothing to the plot . as things progress , the authors presume too much on the goals and motivations of the players . there is one chapter , for example , where the introduction says something along the lines of , " upon entering the city , the players will want to find ( a certain npc ) as soon as posible and will definitely want to investigate the actions of ( another npc ) . " the players in my campaign knew they wanted to talk to one of these guys eventually , but the other one was off their radar completely . throughout , i 've had to improvise ways to keep them approximating the plot line of the campaign and by chapter 3 , they 're feeling very manipulated . the campaign assumes the party wants to do nothing more than hunt down dark friends and expose evil plots and will take great personal risk and go through great hardship ( including , at one point , a monthlong trek through a winter wilderness without adequate provisions ) on the chance of thwarting same . characters with any other motivations ( say , a character modeled after mat or nynaeve in the books ) will feel forced into situations unnaturally . there has been more than one point where one of the players saying , " i *think* this is where the plot wants us to go . " so , in conclusion , while this adventure is excellent in its dreams and scope- -and it 's definitely better than something i could have designed myself- -but it will fail often fail as a game . if you are intending to run a wot campaign , buy this adventure , read it so that you thoroughly understand its scope before you even let your players make up characters . the characters need to be created to fit the story or the story wo n't work 
books neg 71.txt one of the spotlight reviewers says that by combining two great characters- -sunny randall and jesse stone- -robert b . parker has doubled our fun . quite the reverse . he has cut it in half . the characterizations of sunny and jesse are enormously feeble ; and the the rest of the characters are no great shakes , either . sunny 's irish mafia uncle is a cardboard cutout . suitcase simpson has three funny lines and is heard from no more . the villains- -buddy , erin , missy , gerard , moon- -are little more than vague names and stereotyping . spike is relegated to a scene and a half . oddly , the only interesting character is a very minor one : eddie . but he only stays around for 10 minutes even the plot is tissue-thin . the love-story is lame ; the sex-scenes boring . worst of all , who should appear but ( christ ! ) susan silverman , from the spenser series : one of the dampest and most wooden and least interesting characters in fiction . as with " cold service " and some others , parker is just coasting with this one . he is capable of far better . 
books neg 470.txt i personally do not see how this book could have won a newbery medal . while the author portrays sibling rivalry effectively , that is about the only positive aspect of this book . the fact that the teenage girl protagonist has a crush on an elderly man is disgusting and is presented as not only being acceptable but understandable . sara 's family is also unsupportive to her sulky and jealous attitudes . her grandmother is a busybody and consantly antagonizes the family . sara 's twin sister gets all the attention and love , leaving sara starving for parental care . finally , christianity is portrayed as harsh and judgemental . this book could possibly be acceptable for adults but never for children and i would not recommend it to anyone . i wasted my time with this book : please do n't waste yours . 
books neg 474.txt i have a hard time believing that the author has ever seen an episode of tng . i had to force myself to finish this book it was so bad . by far the worst star trek book i have ever read . if you want a good one read ' federation ' and stay as far away from this one as you can 
books neg 533.txt this book is poorly written and even more poorly edited . the back cover states ... " every subject is given background and basic exercises to allow beginners to figure it out . " it is a great statement , but it is unfortunately not true . page 6 : " so what formats can a script be saved as ? there are three main kinds of script files : regular compiled script , which is the native applescript file format , and scripts saved as plain text or as applications . on top of that , os x added a new option for saving compiled scripts and script applications called " bundle . " bundles are folders that appear and behave as files . you can read about them in chapter 23. " - i guess bundle is not a " main " format ? why is there a distinction between main formats and , for lack of a better term , minor formats ? i have no idea . page 35 : " every class has a super class . " page 40 : " we saw that objects belong to classes , and classes may have subclasses and super classes . " - which sentence is correct ? page 43 : " when you work with an application that does n't support the whose clause , you have to settle for slower , clumsier repeat loops . " - repeat loops are not explained earlier in the book . there is no reference on this page to the repeat loops that are explained extensively in chapter 11 , pages 321-343. i wanted to like this book , but i do not . i look forward to a revised first edition or new second edition of this book , because it does have potential to be great . however the next edition needs more polished writing and meticulous editing 
books neg 768.txt i have an amazon bookmark that advertises ludlum 's book " the sigma protocol " . it says " in ludlum 's latest , an ordinary man battles a global conspiracy . " well gee . that 's the plot of this book as well . come to think of it , that 's the plot of every book by the man that i 've read . a ' vast right wing conspiracy ' is set to take over the world . they have small armies , a lot of money and a plan . this time around , a group of military men ( naturally ) plan to foment terror , and use the chaos to implement their vision of the world ( laugh not - millions in the middle east and far left believe 9-11 was something along the same lines ) . enter " ordinary man " joel converse . he 's a vietnam vet and p.o , w . who thought he had left that life far behind . it 's up to him to save the world . he will survive certain death several times ( the bad guys always seem to think they need him alive , and they just have to explain their conspiracy to this total stranger ) . he will find love , and he 'll visit several european cities to boot . of course , a suspension of disbelief is essential for many novels ( how else would you believe that a nazi and an israeli are on the same side ? ) , but ludlum 's cliched stories are further worsened by the fact that he just could n't write . his dialogue writing is always tedious , and sometimes just painful to read . action scenes are generic . the only thing he could do right is character background , but that 's not enough to save this . " the aquitaine progression " might make a half decent tv movie , but to endure 700 pages is just too much 
books neg 191.txt i read this book with an open mind . i am familiar with the tremendous criticism that has arisen from claims that survivors of child abuse may use their backgrounds to claim some sort of privileged status . in a few cases , i think this criticism may be legitimate ; in other cases , not . so i was interested to see if there were perhaps legitimate reasons to criticize survivors of the holocaust or their advocates in the jewish community . ( note : i am not equating child abuse and the holocaust . i am saying that when people speak up about terrible things , there is often a tendency to see them as whiners who are shirking their responsibilities . all things do not have to be equally terrible to promote this societal reaction . ) i did n't find anything in this book to convince me of that . what i found was to me an unconvincing and highly subjective summary of the jewish reaction to the holocaust , in which the author claims that it did not become a big deal until a long time after it was over , and that it was made into a big deal for illegitimate reasons , but this discussion is so subjective and brief that i was not persuaded to adopt his point of view . the bulk of the book consists of complaints that jewish organizations unfairly extorted money from countries such as switzerland . the argument becomes fairly technical here and evaluating it is beyond me because i have never read the reports ( " audits , " etc. ) to which the author refers . but i think that focusing so narrowly on money misses the point . i expected to see a general discussion of the ways in which the author alleges that an emphasis on the holocaust caused some jews to " play the victim card , " and what i got was a very indepth discussion of several fights about money about which i have no way of determining the truth of the author 's allegations . to me it seems obvious that the holocaust was a terrible atrocity with devastating consequences for the jews , and many lives were destroyed or damaged as a result . it seems reasonable to me that the jewish community would insist that society recognize the destruction and damage , and to the extent that this book detracts from this , i think it is unfortunate 
books neg 248.txt god forbid i be so bold as to trash a classic . and yes , maybe because of all the raving reviews from my friends and from the book 's great reputation , i entered it with high expectations . - which the book however did not satisfy . yes , it is a good comedic parody of the upper class of the time , a lampoon of the courtship ritual , and of course oh so witty , blah blah blah , but it just was n't my cup of tea . the main character was likeable , but that aside , i found it completely insufferable to read through , and absolutely painfully boring . every subsequent event from the very beginning could be predicted , let alone the ending . not that anything really ever happens - the entire book could be summed up with , " then they walked and talked and had tea and walked and talked and had tea , walked and talked and had more tea , then got married and lived happily ever after . " the entire novel was a headache of girly gossip and mental drama . it would save more time just to watch a chick flick . so if you 're interested in the relationship fiascos of fictious characters , witnessing the agony over who 's going to marry who ( even though the reader could already predict the happily-ever-after match-making light-years in advance ) , then this is the book for you ! ! if not , then i suggest picking up some dan brown . 
books neg 342.txt i 'd never read berry before , but as far as i can tell , this brief collection of six essays and lectures sticks to familiar territory . however , it 's probably not the best entry point for people who are newcomers to his realm . there are two related problems with the book : one of presentation , and one of tone . the problem with presentation is that the pieces are so short that there 's no room for specifics . so , while one might be more or less in accord with the broad strokes of berry 's vision , there 's no detail to back it all up . the problem with tone is that from the very first page the reader feels like they are being lectured at . of course , some of the pieces are lectures , but there 's a certain condescension that runs throughout the book . it comes out when berry uses certain words such as the three as of " appropriate " , " authentic " and " adequate " . when these are used ( as they often are ) , there he 's obviously made some kind of value judgment , but the reader is never let in on it . the end result of the two flaws is that the reader feels like a hectoring argument is being made without any supporting logic - - which ultimately smacks of preaching to the choir . which is unfortunate , since i tend to agree with berry on a lot of things ( though not his anti-abortion stance ) . small farms are good , agribusiness is bad , stewardship of the land is good , extraction industries are bad , treating the body as an organic whole is good , and things of that nature . alas , he has a tendency of making sweeping assertions and accusations that are far too simplistic and shrill to be useful . two examples from the first 15 pages will suffice to illustrate : " this is a world in which the cultures that preserve nature and rural life will simply be disallowed . " and " communists and capitalists are alike in their contempt for country people , country life , and country places . " berry also succumbs to the trick of creating straw men to counter his theses . for example , in one essay , he claims that conservationists are people who want to simply preserve land in a pristine , untouched state , and that 's all . while there are certainly some conservationists who feel that way , they are a small minority of a a much larger community who actually is in almost total accord with berry 's views on stewardship and land use . it certainly does n't help matters that his view of small-scale farming appears to be heavily tinted with rose-colored glasses . his claims that modern agribusinesses has rendered the small farm economically unviable sounds like a reasonable proposition . however , it ignores the fact that , historically , small scale farming ran on the thinnest of margins , was subject to all kind of external instability ( weather , vermin , etc. ) , and operated on only slightly better than a subsistence level . in farming , cash is scarce , that 's why people abandoned it in droves whenever the opportunity presented itself , such as in wwii , when all those defense-industry factories were opened in california . ( of course , in berry 's vision , you do n't really need cash , because you barter for everything you need from your neighbors . ) berry 's exhortations to create small-scale communities is worthy stuff , and even in cities people are creating this . the growth of csas , farmers markets , and the like in the past decade is a tangible indicator of this . however , to achieve the large scale results berry seeks requires a more rigorous roadmap than what is provided in this slim collection 
books neg 788.txt i bought this book before my first trip to austria . i had a sinking feeling while reading it that it was mostly a pastiche of unusable generalizations . that turned out to be true . what shall we do with a paragraph that tells us that austrian women are strong-minded and independent and organize their homelife well , although many go to work ? this book might have some value for a person who had never left their english-speaking homeland before and needed to be warned that people are sometimes naked in the sauna or at the beach . it also provides some amusing anecdotes about language ( especially viennese ) and useful info about festivals . mostly , though this book was good for reading aloud to austrian friends . i would quote it as an iron-clad authority when their behavior did n't quite match the book 's version and thereby amused them tremendously . - -lynn hoffman , author of the new short course in wine and the forthcoming novel bang bang from kunati books.isbn 978160164000 
books neg 495.txt i am vietnamese and i grew up in new orleans during the 80 's and 90 's when the first waves were settling down there . i hate to tell this to everyone on this site but this book is the worst piece of fiction ever written . like many books written by someone who does not belong to the culture that he writes about , the book takes great liberties with the imagination and presents the stories from the viewpoint of the writer and not the actual people . the vietnamese characters in the book are portrayed as backwards , uneducated , and simple . further , the stories are depressing and very few of the characters seem to have any success . if you actually grew up in new orleans during the time that the vietnamese americans were setting root during the 80 's and 90 's , you would know that by and large , the community pulled itself from nothing to become quite successful . no real vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . i repeat - no vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . the book repeats many of the fallacies that i have noticed in other books written by predominantly caucasian male authors about east asian culture . there always seems to be 1 ) an asian prostitute 2 ) caucasian guy with asian bride 3 ) asian male in an emasculated role 4 ) asian people as backwards and simple . quite sad . this book reminds me quite a bit of memoirs of a geisha , though that portrayed japanese culture in a better light . by the way , the lady on which " memoirs of a geisha " is based and written about was quite upset at the author of memoirs of a geisha and did not feel that it portrayed her life or her thoughts in any way at all . regardless , if you really want to find out about the vietnamese american experience you should really read a book written by a vietnamese american 
books neg 254.txt being an engineer in the aerospace industry i was highly interested in this book based on my experiences from the vantage point a " hard industry . " i personally believe that it 's in our long term interests to maintain a strong manufacturing base because that 's the foundation of real wealth , not legal services or newswires . so this book sounded like the perfect source of information to explain our current economic situation , give an assessment of how bad or how good it really is , and suggest ways to improve it . oh , how very , very wrong i was . . . this book started off strong , . . . for about four pages . after that a litany of tortured logic , un-sourced assertions , facts taken completely out of context except for the author 's subjectively added adjectives , orwellian double-speak , sleight of hand arguments , flat out ridiculuos statements , contradictory assessments , and even emotional vitriol coalesced not so much into an argument for industry but one for eighteenth century mercantilism with perhaps a sprinkling of far left george soros on top to serve as an update for the twenty first century . even a broken watch is correct twice a day though , so there were some good points in the book which buy it the 2 star rating . these include : - manufacturing provides a large source of proprietary knowledge which both improves productivity and serves as a barrier of entry , creating an industry with a large base of high paying jobs , provided it 's run right . ( a big if . ) - high wage nations can still compete effectively with low wage nations in manufacturing by being capital intensive . - americans need to save more and our education system needs to produce more engineers and technically oriented graduates . - there is some excess in the financial services and managers of publicly traded companies take too short term a view , leading them to sell the company upriver in the long run because of a personal temporary short term gain . ( i.e. enron ) a scholarly , fair , and comprehensive book that focused on the above would be extremely interesting and useful . this is not what you 'll get in this book though . instead you 'll get : a begining section about postindustrialism , things like the internet , information technology , financial services , etc. , the things that make the services based economy . in three chapters the author simply sets up straw men by taking the worst examples of post industrial advocates , instead of presenting a comprehensive picture of the post industrial argument . not being satisfied with this he proceeds to beat the straw men , set them on fire , and piss on the smoldering remains . this is where vitriol even comes out , where he equates the post-industrialists to people incapable of even thinking . if someone has to go to this extreme to make their argument , they probably do n't have one . most telling he leaves the final assessment of the value of the internet to a feminist . to me , this would be like leaving the final assessment of how good a bicycle is to , oh , i do n't know , let 's say a fish . a middle section extolls the virtues of manufacturing . this is a bunch of hand picked anectdotal stories and there 's no overview of manufacturing in the world or its real impact on economies at large . this is the kind of subject that screams for reams of data , charts of gdp growth over time , pie charts of the breakdown of economies into services , manufacture , agriculture , etc. you will get none of that . there 's little value except in reassuring the obvious , high wage nations can do manufacturing . many of these cherry-picked anectdotal examples still do n't quite dove-tail with all his claims about manufacturing though ! you also know you 're being left in the dark with a plethora of cya disclaimer statments like " while industry_x has certainly had its share of problems recently . . . " at the begining of a section . a final section basically amounts to an attack on laissez-faire , free markets , and the concept of free trade . george soros and a bunch of other lefties , with pat buchanan thrown in for " balance " , should be listened to instead . the worst part of this book is the author 's lack of an ability to make any sort of coherent argument . examples of twisted thinking abound : - a post-industrial " industry " grows five times over in a certain period . the author then goes onto explain how this is not really real growth but something that in reality is bad . later he proves how great a manufacturing industry is because in the same period it grows a whopping 60% ! self contradictory evaluations of the performance of services vs manufacturing is common and always falls down on the side that the manufacturing industry is far far better than the service industry even when all the standard economic indicators suggest otherwise . the author 's challenge to the reader seems to be " who are you going to believe ? me , or your lying eyes ? " - he rips into american post industrial industries as being labor intensive and vulnerable to low wage nations because americans are no smarter or more creative or more anything than laborers around the world . later he talks about how great german manufacturing is because germans are so much more diligent than the rest of the world 's workers . - the only facts he presents - and they are surprisingly thin and overwhelmed by mere assertions - are always modified by his subjective opinion and never put in context . when describing service industries " paltry " $50 million revenues , " only " 60 , 000 jobs , " disappointing " 24% of revenues from foreign sources is common . but when describing manufacturing " a very high " $6 million revenues , " a good mix " of 1 , 500 jobs , and similar glowing assessments are inevitable despite the number to follow . a number in and of itself means nothing . the fact the author leaves out any head on , direct comparison between industries is telling . - official figures are the ultimate source of information when they agree with what the author believes . when the official figures do n't agree with him , he finds some loner who does and then barely explains how this time around the official figures are somehow wrong . when attacking his straw men though , he accuses them of ignoring official figures and quoting some loner . - gems of orwellian double-speak sentences include examples like " solar is already a fully competitive source of energy in remote areas that do not have grid electricity . ( pg . 184 ) " i.e. it 's competitive where there is no competition ! and " even in singapore , one of the freest societies in the east , the savings rate was successfully boosted by a system of forced savings . . . ( pg . 229 ) " that 's not very free if it 's forced is it ? ( his defense of solar is one of the most hilariously pathetic eight pages i 've ever read and really is worth the price of the book . he capstones it with the " most encouraging " observation that solar cells have gone from producing one third of the energy used to make them before they wore out - that is consuming more total energy in their manufacture than they eventually make ! - to now producing three times as much energy as required to produce them before they wear out . wow , what an achievement . any actual power source converts many thousands of times the energy used to manufacture it before it 's internal workings wear out , but whatever . . . ) - americans are dumb and the only successful american companies basically blundered into monopolies on standards . the american economy , despite the statistics , is in bad shape . the japanese instead are eight feet tall , can read people 's minds and see through lead . the japanese economy , despite the statistics , is in really great shape . this type of persistently biased characterization makes you question everything he claims , and eliminates any value or truth he might actually have in his arguments . the author basically ca n't get out of his own way . - he always attacks opponents of his viewpoint by claiming that they do n't put numbers into context , are using twisted logic , making mere assertions instead of quoting facts , etc. , apparently oblivious that these are the very same tactics he himself uses ! - he claims boeing is no longer a good company because 30% of components in a boeing aircraft are now made abroad vs. 2% in the 1960's . this is actually because foreign manufacturing for those components happens to be better and cheaper . america is n't doing that badly in aerospace by the way . the author fails to mention that 50% of the " european " airbus is made in america . this is an example of free trade actually distributing production to where it is most efficient . the list goes on and on to ridiculous proportions . you 'd have to buy the book to see them all because there 's at least one thing an alert and critical reader can find highly questionable on each page . all in all , this book was way off the mark and a highly squandered opportunity . it 's really a mercantilist argument , and the only common thread that i could see in all the author 's cloudy reasoning is that nation 's should do everything in their power to export more than they import no matter what . it 's not , unfortunately , a book about how to revitalize american manufacturing in a globalized world . 
books neg 127.txt obviously , from all the reviews , this book appeals to many people . i am not one of them . perhaps it 's because i do n't care for science fiction . i found the writing stilted , the footnotes distracting to the point i stopped bothering with them , the story boring , and the ending ( covered in the introduction ) to be a twilight zone cliche . if , like me , you want to read the book because it has some connection to bicycles and cycling you will be disapppointed . 
books neg 550.txt i 'm trying to figure out what the appropriate subtitle for this book should be and i ca n't decide among the following : * travels through guilt with the world 's 33rd richest hippie * the mind of an empty suit * a self-important revisionist history * how i learned to hate myself and love the third world * memoirs of a cold war paperpusher confessions of an economic hitman by john perkins is an exclamation point riddled history of a few financial manipulations of the cold war by a man who had no stake in his own ambition . the first thing you notice about this account is that it is written by a man who thinks he was sitting on top of the world , when in fact he was just a cog in the energy industry . if you are credulous enough to believe that the debts and revenues associated with the energy business is indeed the core principle of the global economy , then the moral outrage of this book makes sense . but there 's a whole lot to swallow . on the plus side , it 's a fast and somewhat entertaining read . otherwise it is a exercise in the slow revelations of a kind of self-loathing that takes about 20 years to surface . one of the things that i 've had in mind as i was reading this screed was the sense of geography as destiny . as i look at the 20th century , i think of most of it focused on the economics of . perkins was one of the people who made the truth a narrative of economic exploitation . he falls in love with socialist charismatics in latin america , rues the lives of poor peasants , and bemoans the basic nature of corporate capitalism without ever acknowledging or even understanding the basic nature of socialism . perkins is a perfect example of a cultural relativist . a perceptive reader can see how much he hates his hometown and parents and idolizes romantic ideals associated with revolutionary rhetoric . but you ca n't imagine that he even had the temerity to read marx , weber , engles , friere or anyone . back when i was a bit more blackified , i referred to such people as culture vultures . if it 's indigenous , it 's good . but you 'll never see him once talk about infant mortality statistics , literacy rates , crime rates or even inflation . i discovered a bit too late that this book would teach me nothing about the business of foreign direct investment or the workings of the world bank except that he saw it as evil . technically , you 'll get a great deal more insight reading wikipedia . basically , perkins assumes that his game was the only game on the planet , his company was smack dab in the middle of it and that it was all being subtley directed by the cia and nsa and that this is , was and always will be the american way . you really get a foggy view of the evil empire of america from perkins , who resembles nobody quite so much as a cynical wanker who is too soulless to quit the game . it 's a confession all right . by the time i got 2 / 3rds of the way through , reading the book began to become annoying . the incredible vacuity of this man was staggering . there are no personal relationships in the book worth speaking of . he found loyalty only to his bosses worth mentioning . it is a stunning revelation about his character that he never once had a kind word to say or any personal quality worth mentioning about his staff that stands out in memory . we learn that he took one of his charges ( female ) on a yacht cruise to some isle in the caribbean , but that when he got there , he was so sickened by his guilty conscience that he banged his head against the coconut trees . if you want to understand something about the life of an economist and high finance , the best book i 've read is my life as a quant . if you want to understand something about the life of a reluctant spy , the best book to read is larry kolb 's overworld . if you want to get well-written account of a man who was too spoiled to find himself while being a toady in the economic hardball of the cold war era , then this is your book . but it 's nowhere near as good as , say the quiet american . you can imagine that perkins , who is a great admirer of graham greene , might have had aspirations to be such a character as greene might pen . he is earnest to tell such a story that would portray himself thus , but he is to honest to consider himself heroic , and i suspect that he 'll be working off his guilt for the rest of his life . in that regard , ' confessions of an economic hitman ' is ( now prefaced and extended in the paperback edition ) a blueprint for american liberal guilt . if there was ever someone who truly believed that global warming and a host of other blowbacks are destined to doom america to a well-deserved kharmic smackdown , it is john perkins . he has always been a citizen of the world pretending to be a patriotic american , down to the repetitions of his undying faith in the words of thomas paine . you 'd think , being a pseudo-economist , that he 'd have some room in his heart for alexander hamilton . ahh but that would mean that he 'd have to admire courage . i did n't want to be a harsh judge of perkins . i thought i might learn of an extraordinary life , one of conviction and then epiphany . instead i learned of a small yapping dog who was always on a leash he lacked the spirit to gnaw through . someone who would tell us in the end that we should use less oil and that ' corporatocray ' is evil . this book has been a disappointment in many ways . i may well be very happy to read thomas friedman after this . good parts ? yeah there are a few . he speaks about a few south american presidents who might have been contenders . he gives a few details about saudi aramco . but compared to larry kolb 's fascinating and detailed portraits of daniel ortega and adnan khashoggi , this is romper room . if perkins thought he was an agent.. . do n't make me laugh 
books neg 645.txt do not buy this book . this author belives that he can cure dyslexia with his mind 's eye . you can not cure dyslexia you just have to learn a different way from the norm with the right tools such as an orton-gillingham based program . i bought this book by mistake not looking carefully at the author . 
books neg 765.txt is that those who read it and believe it , believe they actualy have girlfriends ! ! ! come on ! admit it you are guys who wear black sabbath t-shirts and live in your parents basements . you also believe that you can get control of you live by chanting some spells from a book made to get your money . look , go get a hair cut , take a bath and loose 10 pounds and you will probably get that girl friend that you talk about . oh by the way the necronomicon is fiction ! . . except for the real copy that is in my basement , in my parents house where i used to live when i was 15 
books neg 493.txt the instruction manual in eq2 is quite addiquate regardless of class . things you are not sure of are learned as you go or you can post on numerous forums for answers . since there are stats on top of stats and such vast areas with tons and tons of resources and itesm to be had , this book helps you get an idea of the " where " and " what " . as in where you may find x or what y actually does and realated stats . its a reference guide . but as this game is so dynamic , this book has a limited lifspan and as you develop in the world you will find it to be " old news " rather quickly 
books neg 30.txt i read some raving reviews about this book , but i admit , i was quite disappointed . factual , i 'm sure , but it lacks details and tries to touch on too much without going into any depth . many other pregnancy books go into further detail 
books neg 692.txt camenson definitely has experience in this career with many & quot ; career books&quot ; to her credit . however , there are better books out there on writing with more information . this book follows the same old tired format that vgm books are ' not so ' famous for . the internet has more info for a lot less money 
books neg 452.txt it 's always easy to criticize somebody 's personal choises when it comes to the movies and the stars , but this book is dedicated to the most unforgettable actresses and not stars of the studio era . so it comes pretty natural to ask : is esther williams such an unforgettable actress that the author had to overlook margaret sullavan ? was grace kelly 's talent so overwhelming to forget that miriam hopkins had such an individuality in the acting process that she kept on working with such directors as lubitsch , wyler , mamoulian , hawks and vidor to stunning results ? what was wrong with mary astor 's acting and what is right with kim novak 's ? actress to me means patricia neal or shelley winters - norma shearer or natalie wood were stars....think about it 
books neg 625.txt i did n't expect this series of books to be laid out the way they are . i am disappointed that the " notes " are simply a glorified glossary arranged by chapter rather than alphabetical . key points from the book are not bulleted or organized based on content presentation , rather key terms are defined and that is all . 
books neg 118.txt apparently the difference between a criminal act ( theft ) and moral redistribution of income is 1 ) who you steal from ( stealing from the wealthy , of course , is moral - - according to rawls and bolsheviks ) , and 2 ) who receives the loot ( the non-wealthy makes it moral ) , and 3 ) who commits the act ( the state / society , of course also makes theft moral ; example - taxation ) , and 4 ) your intentions ( redistribution of income ) . to look at this another way , if your neighbor breaks into your house and steals your money , that 's a crime ( unless your neighbor is poor - - which would then be moral and justice , according to rawls ' formula ) . if the community comes into your house and steals from you , it 's legal and moral justice , again , according to rawls . because , according to rawls , if , before you were born , you were to vote with everyone on how physical world society should be structured , you 'd vote to have the state guarantee that everyone was equal , or they would be compensated somehow for being born ( unjustly ) less-equal . how ? by compensating those with less by stealing from those with more . so those with more would be like oh , say ... a milk-cow who gets milked to serve those with less . so those with more would become a resource , or state-owned slaves to those with less ... because " society " ( the robin hoods and rawls of the world ) deemed this as moral justice . rawls does not take into account those who are willing to take on risk , entrepreneurs , students of life who work to earn an " a " vs. students who earn an " f " . he points out that many people are born into difficult situations through no fault of their own . true . but that does not implicate those within society who are born into better situations as the cause , nor are those who are born into better situations responsible for making up the difference . forcing the " wealthier " ones to be accountable for the unfairness within life and pay the bill is n't justice or moral . it would simply be an unjust law . some people see rawls ' theory as a blueprint for a future generation utopia ( like the bolsheviks envisioned marxism ) . i see it as an insane blueprint for slavery , and a powerful dis-incentive for earning personal reward and merit . in a sense , this book is an argument against the individual . it sees the world through a blurred lense where the author only recognizes masses of people - - he does n't recognize any individuals ( unless they were born as victims ) . curious . how do you experience life ... as a group-mind ( an oxymoron if there ever was one ) , a collective ? or as a unique , isolated , independent , individual ? there should be societal incentives to help each other . okay . but when it is forced ( theft of property always implies force ) , it is no longer an issue of morality or justice - - it 's simply a law . without personal choice being involved there is no morality as an issue , by definition . transforming advantaged individuals into mules forced to carry the burdens of the world is a definition of justice for whom ? 
books neg 516.txt the author dwells too much on knife fighting rather than the knives . i found the book to be a disappointment 
books neg 60.txt no longer intended to be a comprehensive reference , the guinness book is now a sort of compilation of interesting superlatives with oversized pictures and many features that are n't even actual records ( " most overrated celebrity " ) . if you 're going to do this , why not offer one edition that plays it by the book ? so dies a noble institution 
books neg 825.txt i love how many people like to say that lawrence walsh was a republican . funny . he was an eisenhower republican worlds removed from the conservative movement . and let 's face it : he stink bombed george h.w. bush at the end of the 1992 campaign when bush was gaining ground on clinton . i 'm not saying bush would have won if walsh had n't indicted caspar weinberger on the friday before the election , but walsh made a next-to-impossible task unattainable for bush . bush got him back , of course , by pardoning weinberger on christmas eve , 1992. the beginning of the book was interesting to say the least . as it wore on , however , it became a prosecutor hoping to go down in history whining about republicans . let 's face it : people in power tend to be corrupt . they have protection the rest of us do n't have . this was n't just true about reagan and bush ; it 's true about clinton and whoever you wish to name . about halfway through the book , walsh concentrates his fire on the guy who was vp at the time , ghw bush . i also find the fact it was endorsed by a number of liberals interesting to say the least . i guess when you ca n't beat a guy at the ballot box , you impeach him or at least try to . right ? not worth the investment of time or money - but does have some good historical information inside . 
books neg 297.txt this is a good book , but most are under the impression that einstein actually created the content of the book . einstein actually compiled the physics theories of the latest german and italian physicists and wrote it as his entire theory . for instance , e=mc^2 was not created by einstein , as so many people people . an italian physicist came up with it . if you do n't believe me check any encyclopedia . einstein suceeded in taking everyone 's work and compiling it . this was helpful to the world of physics . unfortunately , this stuff is outdated , and autodynamics has disproven many things that einstein says in this book . when it came out it was already outdated . this was published in the 60s . autodynamics disproved what is in this book in the 40s ( 45 i believe ) . if this was published in the 20s or even the 30s , it would have been a good book 
books neg 933.txt i certainly agree that portis is a talented writer , but i just did n't find him all that funny . perhaps i 'm missing something , but i thought that the characters were strange enough , not amusing , just strange . i was frustrated by the characters and the world that they inhabited . i forced myself to finish the book and i was rewarded by the one funny line in the whole book , which comes at the very end of the novel 
books neg 639.txt this book is perfunctory and extremely shallow . russell 's reductive reading of the tradition shows little insight . however , it is amusing at times , hence the star 
books neg 998.txt this book is a place to start at best . the main part of middle eastern cook that i find enjoyable is the use of fresh produce and spices . this book calls for dried spices at times . the dishes do n't produce the food that i remember eating growing up with my family . the book is not a total loss , however . the spinach pies are acceptable . there are many other books out there that i would recommend first 
books neg 709.txt the book starts off ok with a good introduction of the various api 's and is ok reading up untill chapter 6 " programming linux audio " . this is where the book fails terribly . none of the audio samples will compile and the information about openal is just plain wrong . first the function used to open a wav file is no the corerct function to use for linux . the author uses the win32 version . this is just the start of the openal errors . minus one star ! second the book 's two websites ( one of which no longer exists ( loki ) ) contains no errata and no way to contact the author . the only information is avalible is a zip file of the books sample files ( which do not compile of course ) . minus two stars ! ohter things about the book that did not work for me was the fact that the author uses c instead of c++. while c is still used for game development , most programmers are attempting to migrate to c++ and ood . books released about 1950 should reflect that ! second the author uses tcl as a game scripting engine . while i can agree to a point ( based on the fact of the easy of implementation ) the author should have used a common scripting engine such as lua . ( although the author does mention at the end of the book that tcl was proably a bad idea . third the author should have introduced autoconf very early in the book instead of waiting untill chapter 10. the main thing that i liked about the book was the good intro to programming with linux in general . the topics of linux debugging and makefiles i thought was good ( assuming you have experince in these areas on other platfoms ) . also the coverage of sdl was a pretty good intro . 
books neg 908.txt ' introducing postmodernism ' is a good source to gather names of philosophers , architects , artists , anthropologists , linguists , and everyone in between that have been somehow connected to pm . the problem , and it is a big one , is that this style of tour de force writing does little to contextualize all these diverse disciplines . sure , if you only have half an hour to read up on pm , you can whip through this book and go on with your life . but if you 're wanting to really absorb the phenomenon , and perhaps go on to read more , this book is not the place to start . check out david harvey 's ' condition of postmodernism . ' this will rip the top of your head clean off ! it 's much more weighty ( in every sense of the word ) , but your understanding of pm will vastly improve , and will better prepare you to go on to other important writers of the ' genre ' 
books neg 459.txt ive read many endtimes outlines . tcp isnt any good . go to fortbethel.com under books for much better guides . tcp put me to sleep 
books neg 378.txt this book is out of rint for one reason , it is terrible . i am no lover of big companies but the author is so biased in this book it is hard to believe anything she says . she blames p&amp ; g for the destruction of the environment , mistreating employees , the role of women in society and racism . p&amp ; g has done many things wrong , most big companies have , but it is not the cause of the fall of western society 
books neg 295.txt no one alive today cares that ny had fires in 1741 ( unlike the chicago fire of 1871 ) . why did author lepore choose to bring up this terrible racial incident . is she trying to create trouble ? be a traitor to her own race ? book is well researched i guess but the racial subject matter stinks and was unnecessary to bring up ! totally unnecessary ! 
books neg 608.txt i admit that i tried to read this twice and failed both times . i got to around page 20 or so . i 'll probably try again . however , if you 're an adult who has already read other philosophies i would suggest attempting to read it just so you 'll know what objectivism is about . i would n't suggest it for teens that have n't had any prior readings , though . objectivism is about the self and about " reason " , and it can be heady stuff for someone who has no real experience in anything else . the strange thing about the tone of the writing is that it comes across as venomous . i assume that 's in my head , but judge for yourself . her caricatures of " the witch doctor " ( who controls others from a spiritual perspective ) and " attila " ( who controls by brute force ) are actually interesting . wrong , but interesting . since objectivists rely on reason alone for their survival ( or think they do , anyway ) , it 's rather surprising the lack of logical thinking early in the book . my suggestion is to attempt to read it without dismissing her out of hand ( she 's not wrong on everything ) , or swallowing it all without using your own critical thinking skills . judging by previous reviews , it seems there were plenty of both kinds of readers . if you buy into it , you can get a feeling of superiority over others in a kind of pseudo-intellectual way . if you do n't buy into it , however , you 're evil ( either the witch doctor or attila ) and probably just too stupid to " get it " . why i did n't finish it yet.. . i just could n't get past her ignorance of history , frankly . if you 're writing a work of fiction , the historical innacuracies do n't matter , but this is n't supposed to be fiction . i like history and most people do n't , so it probably wo n't bother most people . also , while she denounces religion , ms. rand has no problem hopping up to the pulpit herself . like all other religions and cults , the world is messed up basically because people do n't think like she does . 
books neg 242.txt i know that as a wolf-lover i am a bit biased , but i would still like to say that this book is stupid and incorrect . you see , in this story , three children are left alone . a wolf disguised as their grandmother tricks them into letting him in , because he wants to eat them . unfortunately , that 's where this seemingly charming book starts going downhill . this is just another stupid book that , summed up , says " wolves are evil , ugly beasts who attack people ! ! we have to kill them all before they gorge themselves on our children ! " yep , the wolf is depicted as evil in this book . why could n't they make it something that actually hurts people , like a bear or a mountain lion ? ignorance , that 's why . the wolf is also depicted as stupid and easy to trick in this book . see , near the end , the children try to trick the wolf by telling him he can become immortal by eating gingko nuts . they plan on luring him into their trap , to get rid of him . the wolf instantly falls for it , which is lame . wolves are among the most intelligent and perceptive animals on earth ! it 's practically traditional to make children 's books with wolves as villains , and the chinese seem to loath wolves , but this book crosses the line . do n't let your kids read it unless you want them to think wolves are savage , stupid , man-eating beasts . if they already think so , you 'd be neglecting mankind 's need to know things even more by letting them read it . in other words , it 's a terrible book . 
books neg 733.txt this poorly executed story drags on for too long while the town waits for the return of sister north . in the end , we really do n't care if she ever returns . the ending is cliched and predictable . a waste of time 
books neg 467.txt i picked this up because it 's considered a classic and i knew it had been made into a movie . i tend to think that if a book is made into a movie , then the book must be pretty good . not so with howard 's end. the plot in howard 's end does n't progress much outside of an early death and later marraige . you have to have some interest in the characters , but they just were n't very believeable . none of characters convinced me that they could be people from the real world . i kept waiting for someone to say anything that might border on being interesting , but everyone babbles on and on about nothing of any substance . the story is clearly dated and does n't hold up well so many years later . living in today 's world , it 's hard to understand what attracted margaret to henry . there definately is an audience for this book . i 'm just not a part of it 
books neg 226.txt flynn offers up a fast-paced , if unbelievable story . unfortunately , character development is paper thin and clearly portrays flynn 's political preferences . characters , like rapp , with a military background are guided by clearly defined ethical principles , have all the answers and are always showing those good-for-nothing politicians how the " real world " works . meanwhile , flynn 's politicians ( the majority of whom are democrats ) seem only concerned with public opinion and the next election . while there are grains of truth in his characters , flynn consistently goes for the cheap , partisan stereotype . i was looking for a well-developed political / military thriller . i 'm still looking . 
books neg 92.txt old fan as i am , this one ( and quite a few of the later ones ) was a huge disappointment . badly written , obvious plot , even more cartoonish characters than usual . time for cussler to retire methinks... . 
books neg 734.txt i too read the ta for tots to my 3-5 year-old 30 years ago . she loved it a lot so i 've been looking for it again , this time for my grand-daughter . even though the title is different from the original one i knew , i purchased it and read it as soon as i received it . bottomline : this story is _not_ the original one and i do n't like it at all . other than showing stereotypical happy prince and princess fairy tale characters ( which i can live with up to a point ) , i saw bunches of red flags when i got to the evil witch , drawn with a full-blown ugly face " who was very clever and devised a very wicked plan " . unhappy because there are so many happy warm-fuzzy people around she freely starts giving away cold pricklies . without enough warm fuzzies ( we read earlier ) it puts people " in danger of developing a sickness in their backs which caused them to shrivel up and die " . ouch . so instead of embracing the wisdom of old women , here we have another story that villifies them ( ok , i 'm a psychotherapist also and know all too well how these images affect us all ) . no , it 's not funny , and there is no way i would introduce this book to any child . the book also does not do a good job of showing clear examples of what warm fuzzies and cold pricklies really are , as the original book did . too bad , for using images of " warm fuzzies " and " cold pricklies " is an easy way to introduce feelings and consequences of behaviors to young children . i am returning the book . 
books neg 766.txt this book is the worst book ever . i did n't know there could possibly be a book this bad . if you are required to read this book like me , i feel bad for you . do not read this book for pleasure because it is not a pleasant book . it is painful to read . if you are still thinking of reading this bad book , do n't read it ! ! take my advice . 
books neg 235.txt this is a complex and detailed history chiefly of cuban exiles in south florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without the help of various u.s. administrations . in that sense , it is the story of two cities - miami and washington - and two peoples - americans and cubans . i have an objection , though , with the stone-hard style in which this volume is so meticulously , even gorgeously at times , written . didion strives to be so achingly academic that there is little real heart to this book and , worse , the result is a cold , humorless , colorless story that is at times an unappealing example of ideological abstractions and alphabet soup . the author , in her conspicuously clean and parenthetical prose , apparently is so charged by the subject of her research that she has forgotten there are people on the other end - readers . it is , in that sense , a boring little disaster of a book . 
books neg 489.txt i did not like the book adam of the road because it tells you a whole bunch of stuff about the characters before it gets to the story and by the time you get to the story you forget about the characters . i also did not like the fact that the book talks weird and it says like thou father i shall bla bla bla 
books neg 385.txt not to be disrespectful but are you people for real ? i ca n't believe this book is getting 4 and 5 stars . there was nothing good about this book . a bunch of people in the book did not even matter , bill kendall 's wife , the new anchor man pete whatever his last name was , the boss yelena , eliza 's boyfriend , the priest , even the soon-to-be-president and his wife , i mean what 's the point in even mentioning them ? they were not involved in the main events . she did n't even talk about what happened to them at the end . the judge is the only one that matters , and she did n't even write about him all that much . really disappointing . as i said i do n't mean to be disrespectful , but to give this book 5stars , you must have read either bedtime stories all your life , or not have read anything . don " t waste your money that 's all i have to say . sorr 
books neg 31.txt the characters are uninteresting and 2-dimensional , the dialog hackneyed . i have no idea why it 's on the new york times bestseller list . it was more of an obligation for me to finish this book than anything else . do n't waste your money 
books neg 356.txt this book is for readers with little or no knowledge of recent debates on energy security , global warming , etc. as well as related technological advances in fields such as hydrogen and fuel cells . the author contributes little to previous books on the subject , such as rikin 's book on hydrogen which is much better researched and just as accesible to the general public . if anything , the book 's original contribution is to discuss how energy and environmental issues can be addressed using market mechanisms . in doing so , the author comes up with some interesting case studies , but it 's quite obvious he is biased toward the same tired free-market ideology that is endlessly promoted in the pages of the economist , which happens to be the author 's employer . moreover , there was little effort in integrating the various chapters . overall , a very disapointing book . the author should stick to journalism 
books neg 471.txt this is another piece of lowbrow anti-german propaganda dressed as historiography . the book is a mess of primary , yet selective and biased historical research , simplistic psycho-babble , ridiculous sociological-anthropological speculation , pathetic organization behavioural theorising and last but not least , absolutely third rate military history . the author is hell bent on proving that there is a german sonderweg from the founding of the second reich to hitler , that the vaunted german army is nothing but foolish automatons predisposed to atrocities and mindless offensives . all in all , cheap trash billed as history . 
books neg 267.txt as a fervent admirer of peter bart 's previous books , the gross and who killed hollywood , i was extremely disappointed with this one . i feel he sold out by flacking for peter guber , whose exploits were richly detailed in the book " hit and run " . there 's really nothing new in here , and you 'd be well advised to avoid it 
books neg 456.txt am i the only one who did n't get a complete book ? at first i noticed there was some poor editing - lots of typos . but then after page 180 , where page 181 should be ( sleep chapter ) , it goes back to page 117 ( discipline chapter that i already read ) . it continues to repeat pages 117 to 180 ( a whole 63 pages duplicated ! ) , then picks up again on page 245 in the middle of the school days chapter that i do n't have the beginning of . i 'm completely missing pages 181-245 ( 67 pages ) . other than that , good for a few laughs and a handful of ideas 
books neg 671.txt talk about taking the joy out of an experience . i read this book prior to a week-long trip to venice . this book quite simply accomplished none of its objectives . it is a poor & quot ; guidebook&quot ; and is poorly written and uninteresting in terms of a travelogue . the history and art of venice are covered better in books from those genres . the only upside is that it is short . yuck , what a waste of time . my advice is : get a novel about venice if you like novels , a guidebook if you want that , an art book , or a history book . at least you 'll get something out of those- -this one tries all of these and fails . actually , in terms of a travelogue , & quot ; vendela in venice&quot ; far surpassess any other venice book i have seen . although i originally bought it because it is considered a children 's book , it is not dumbed down at all and adults will enjoy it.. . 
books neg 620.txt this book is trying too hard to emphasize in being funny . it is filled with mediocre ' funny ' patters that the readers are encouraged to use , but the quality of the actual magic effects demonstrated is poor . balancing two forks on the edge of a glass should not be considered magic . once you read a few samples , the reading becomes stifling , knowing that you are not going to learn anything new that other magic books cannot teach you . some areas are brighter : the photos are clear , and it blends magician bios and history within . but one can do better with other books around 
books neg 543.txt i picked this book up a couple days ago with a few others , hoping to learn about america 's prison system . i think our prison system is horrible and i was hoping that this book would give me some more information on the topic . unfortunately , in the first twenty pages of the book , elsner claims that america imprisons 704 people per every 10 , 000 citizens . if you do the math , that equals 7% of our population . 7% of our population is greater than the population of the state of new york . according to this author , there are more people in prison in this country than live in the state of new york . before you get too worried , let me reassure you that this is not the case . america imprisons 736 people per *100 , 000* citizens ( as of 5 / 06 ) , or .736% of the population . this is the highest rate in the entire world , so there 's no need to move the decimal point to make it seem more dramatic . for comparison , stalin had .771% of his citizens imprisoned in the gulags during the height of the purges . again , there 's really no need to exaggerate america 's rate of incarceration . what disappoints me is that this error is not simply a typo on one page , but is repeated several times . apparently the author actually believes we imprison 7% of our population , and the editors at prentice hall think that makes sense as well , as do all the luminaries who glowingly endorsed this book on the back cover . personally , i ca n't take anything this author says seriously if there are errors so blatant a novice in the subject can them pick out , on the first twenty pages no less . if a subject as basic as prison population is exaggerated by a power of 10 , how do we know the rest of the book is n't off by a power of 10 ? elsner makes prison reform advocates look like the bunch of uninformed dreamers conservatives like to imagine . do n't buy this book 
books neg 904.txt a gold sticker on this book 's cover reads & quot ; winner of the nobel prize for literature . &quot ; do n't be mislead . the sticker must refer to the author not the book . while he no doubt received the prize , after wading through the work i ca n't believe it was for this piece of work . i found the book exceedingly boring , a chore to read every step of the way . as the iberian peninsula physically separates from europe , several unengaging and underdeveloped characters ( the most interesting of which was a dog ) wander from one destination to another with meager purposes , certainly none i cared about . while the book may have been intended as an allegory for portugal 's relationship with the rest of europe and the european union , it failed to strike a chord . i 'll chalk this book up as something only a pulitzer prize judge would love 
books neg 194.txt i 'm not a cosmologist , but stephen hawking 's universe was so simply written it is essentially condescending . the language is akin to the level one would read in a newspaper . moreover , the pictures are second rate pre-contact lense hubble knock-offs ( despite being published in 1997 ) , and the book has very little to do with stephen hawking . sure , he wrote the foreward and did some editing , but it lacks the wit and wonder of a hawking work . naming the book after him and putting his picture on the front is misleading . i am a chemist , and despite this , filkin 's descriptions of chemical discoveries left even me guessing because he was attempting to dumb-down ideas that are n't dumb-downable , and did n't include diagrams which would be helpful for anyone trying to understand the concepts ( like neutrino capturing or particle acceleration ) . if you want to learn some cosmology , read & quot ; a brief history of time&quot ; or & quot ; a short history of the universe&quot ; . these are simply written but informative works that wo n't leave you waiting for substance 
books neg 275.txt bill , when will you just die ? if you read this feel free to email me evan.fett@gmail.co 
books neg 121.txt no doubt about it . this book covers the history of the border patrol . however , it falls far short of what it ostensibly bills itself and ends up more as a " fluff piece " than anything else . as someone who has not only served as a senior border patrol agent ( 13 years ) but also a border patrol union president and outspoken critic of the agency , i have studied this agency inside and out without the affects of tunnel vision that typically accompany the job ( many say a necessity ) . pacheco , as an active agent ( when he wrote the book at least ) , appears headed in the right direction with the book and then suddenly veers off target . his somewhat ambiguous message that border security is a difficult task is obviously an attempt to straddle the line ( i apologize for the pun ) so as not to appear too contentious or controversial . did he need to seek agency approval for publication since he was actively employed ? if so , then the credibility issue leaps out and the book is worth the historical content alone if nothing else . if he did not need agency approval and was truly writing without restraint , then he failed to accurately convey the real state of the border patrol and border security . simply put , the border patrol , as with most of the homeland security subcomponents is disintegrating . remember the incompetence of fema ( a homeland security subcomponent ) ? well , multiply that incompetence times ten . heard about the poor morale of fema employees ? multiply that problem by one-hundred and you have an accurate picture of the border patrol . a border patrol in which the vast majority of otherwise employable agents spend ninety-percent of their time trying to get out . those that choose to stay in do so only because of the comparatively worse off agencies in dhs . the bottom line is that as a former agent , i lose sleep at night knowing what i know . pacheco did cover the rigorous training regimen accurately even if it bordered on propaganda . that alone may attract candidates to the difficult and completely unrewarding position of u.s. border patrol agent . the field stories are completely unappealing to anyone who served more than a week in a law enforcement position unless they are reading about their own exploits . read the book for enjoyment and homage . just do n't expect critical analysis . in fact , this book would be an enjoyable read at stewarts bridge ( for you ib agents in san diego ) . 
books neg 965.txt after reading the trilogy , i was left wondering what the hell happened ? i have just read all 3 of the his dark materials trilogy and what was a strong start in book 1 and 2 is utterly demolished in this clunker . pullman allowed his eagerness to bash religion to completely destroy an engaging story - one of the most creative stories i 've come across in 20 years of reading fantasy . there is n't even a remote chance of a sequel to fix up this mess . if you look up ` anticlimax ' in the dictionary , you 'll see a picture of this book . from first page to last , time is wasted on boring characters , while all the good ones are either killed off , or just mia for the entire book . spoilers ahead . what about lyra and her parents ? somehow , she never knows what happened to them and after all she has been through is supposed to be content with going back to school like a good little girl ? she never even confronts them to try and understand their motivations . and will just goes back with mary malone to her apartment so they can figure out how to avoid the cops . over a cup of tea , naturally . and that 's it for him . in addition to all that , this book does n't even seem to be connected to the first two . none of the characters resonate they way they used to and instead of being good friends , will and lyra fall in love and have sex at the tender age of 11 or 12 . . . all in the last 30 pages . what happened to the story , for cripes sake ? ! and what happened to the ` temptation ' ? was choosing not to stay with will her way of not succumbing to it ? the whole premise is just so lame to start out with . as an earlier reviewer pointed out all the windows that were opened for centuries did n't endanger the universe , why not leave one open for 60 or 70 years to give lyra and will a chance to know each other . the flimsy reasoning behind this is just as contrived as their sudden and immediate love for one another . supposedly , they had more than gonads going for them , they survived death together ! pullman did n't feel like thinking it through , he just wanted a gut wrenching ending . in addition to that , he wanted to mock the reader by taunting us with the ` reality ' of knowing that nothing they did in the trilogy has any hope or meaning . all of will and lyra 's efforts are futile , kind of like - guess what ? religion for the rest of us morons . after having the reader go through endless pages on the mulefa-elephant aliens or whatever , ultimately the characters the reader wants to know about disappear with barely a whimper . iorek byrnison , lee scoresby - instead we get page after page about mary malone the disaffected former nun . pullman all but pants in his eagerness to give the finger to anyone of us who believes in him or anything for that matter ! this is not children 's literature , it 's a hate ridden manifesto that is more suitable for adults who at least have some way of maintaining some sort of perspective throughout this sloppy mess . it 's totally dishonest to sell this as a children 's book , or even as a competent work of fiction . all of the painstaking work of the first two books is undone with this one . we never get closure on lyra 's parents . we never really understand what dust is and where it comes from . we never see will reunited with his mother . we get a lame battle where ` god ' dies and no one even knows why or how . lyra and will fall in love , but have to ` sacrifice ' it so that all the windows to other worlds can be shut forever , with only flimsy reasoning behind it . the mulefa and mary malone 's work together amounts to nothing , everyone just goes home . presumably , will goes home , although we never see it . all that yearning after his mother and so forth . . .nothing . the major enemies are killed off too easily - and what about armageddon ? what happened to the fortress and all the rebel angels and . . .you get the idea . it all just sort of disovles . mary forgot to be the serpent , or else i missed that in one of the countless pages on the mulefa . another reader pointed out : " phillip pullman could have written a masterpiece with this series . instead , the story falls flat under the weight of the author 's own agendas and mockeries . what a waste of time . i ca n't believe this book actually won awards . it stopped being thought-provoking and started being inane and silly . " it would have been better if lyra had just awakened one morning and it was all a dream . instead , relearning how to read the alethiometer will somehow enable her to build the kingdom of heaven in the course of her lifetime . absurd . this was one of the most disappointing and infuriating reads of my life . 
books neg 613.txt i thoroughly enjoyed the author 's earlier work on how the irish saved civilization . but this book was a disappointing compendium of greek myths , legends and history that never reveals a plan behind the book . taken in its subparts , many sections are engagingly informative in an elegant if sometimes pretentious prose . yet the author ambles from here to there in a disjointed narrative with interesting nuggets but little insight . where 's the big picture ? the author attempts to wrap it up at the end with a sentence about the greeks ' " variety of human response , lightening quick transmutations , resourcefulness , and inexhaustible creativity . " a subtitle like " a greek treasury of personal vignettes " might have been more descriptive and merited another star . but it falls short as a " hinge of history " with impoverished and even maladaptive connections ( fdr as solon - really ? ) to the modern world . i am sorry to not recommend it . 
books neg 837.txt it 's hard to imagine this book being of much value even for a true and complete novice to prospecting . written with blatant self promotion in mind for other garrett products there is little if any substantive information on panning that could not be reduced to 4 or 5 pages with a couple of diagrams added . would appear author may have been paid by the word given the tedious repetitions found throughout . truly basic and nothing new here - spend your money elsewhere 
books neg 334.txt this is one of the dullest chick lit derivatives of the ya-ya sisterhood and their adventures , or misadventures . it is full of misery , poorly developed characters , and is so formulaic that i predicted the outcome after about 50 pages , at which point i could no longer stomach these ego-driven , falsely sweet dolts . do n't waste your money 
books neg 86.txt i have read a bunch of poker books and play regularly . there are a lot of good books out there , dan harrington 's the very best , but this isnt one of them . too much ego here and not enough helpful information 
books neg 341.txt the sub-title of this book is very misleading . it does not contain " an action-oriented approach " to raising your self-esteem - unless you count sitting down with pen and paper as an action . the book is centered on sentence completion exercises where you write the beginning of a sentence at the top of a page ( " one of the things i dislike about myself is.. . " , " one of my emotions i have trouble accepting is.. . " ) and then complete the sentence with whatever comes to mind . for some unexplained reason each sentence requires its own sheet of paper ; and there are a lot of them , so be prepared to go through a lot of paper . sure , completing sentences technically counts as an " action " . but if you 're like me , " action-oriented " implies some sort of cognitive-behavioral therapy that gives you exercises to go out and do in the world , not sitting alone and writing out your thoughts . for someone with social anxiety the last thing i needed was more solitary introspection . branden gives examples of breakthroughs that his patients had doing sentence completion with him in therapy ; but alas , the practice helped me in no way . your mileage may vary , but i would n't recommend this book to anyone 
books neg 900.txt the information contained within this book was extremely out of date with a strong emphasis on steroids . it is a shame there are not more current and useful books for pet owner out there on this widespread problem . 
books neg 150.txt this book really was n't at all what i was expecting , or what the title would lead one to believe . the subtitle , " in search of grace o'malley and other legendary women of the sea , " makes it sound as if this will be a biographical account of the life of grace o'malley , with supplemental information on other historical female seafarers . not so . the first two chapters are devoted to the famous pirate queen herself , and sjoholm only provides the skimpiest bits of information . i knew almost nothing about grace o'malley going into the book , and i know little more than that now . the other women included are discussed in even sparer detail , and most of them are n't even real historical figures , but legendary story characters and mythological creatures like mermaids . she even talks about pippi longstocking ! not what i was expecting at all.. . " the pirate queen " is actually devoted far more to sjoholm 's travels in search of information on female women of the sea than it is to the information itself . i learned more about sjoholm and her own life than about the women she supposedly set out to study . she describes the inns she stayed at , the weather , the tourists she met , her own childhood , the abundance of " personal bath mats " in northern european hotels.. . almost everything but grace o'malley and her cohorts . in fact , the primary underlying theme in the book seems to be how the author came to the decision to change her last name from wilson to sjoholm ; a story which , to be quite honest , i really could n't care less about . i bought the book hoping to learn about interesting historical figures . it turned out to be a travel memoir , and a comparatively uninteresting one at that . this is a shame , really . sjoholm includes just enough information on the various historical women she mentions - grace o'malley herself , bessie millie , janet forsyth , christian robertson , eliza fraser , isobel gunn , betty mouat , freydis eiriksdottir , skipper thuridur , trouser-beret , alfhild , the " herring lassies , " and numerous mythological characters - to whet my appetite , but then fails to deliver a full , satisfying portrait of any of them . she raises more questions than she answers , and i 'd need to buy numerous additional books to find all the missing information . you may also notice , given the names , that nearly all the women mentioned are northern european in origin . sjoholm entirely omits women seafarers active in other parts of the world , such as the famous pirates anne bonney and mary read who , though from europe , sailed the caribbean . as for sjoholm 's writing style , the book is an easy read , but not a very enjoyable one . sjoholm 's writing is given to an abundance of nearly nauseating metaphors . for example : " the lava fields looked like vanilla cake batter poured over thick jumbles of dates , walnuts , and chocolate chips . in the sun the moss could also look like lemon yogurt spooned generously over granola " ( pg . 222 ) . flowery , gratuitous , and often ridiculous images like this are to be found in almost every paragraph.. . peppered throughout the book like poppyseeds in a muffin , you might say.. . it 's not the worst book i 've ever read , but i do wish i 'd spent my money on something else . it does n't deliver what it promises , and there are plenty of more interesting and informative books out there to pick up instead 
books neg 596.txt not a great deal of new insight here . i did learn a bit more than i knew , however , about meade 's failure to pursue at gettysburg . mr. boritt is the editor and author of one essay ; other essays are by four historians : stephen w . sears , mark e . neely , jr. , michael fellman , and john y . simon . ( alan j . jacob 
books neg 802.txt every once in a while i like to pick up a book that is outside the realm of usual reading , and look for a surprise , or spark to keep the fires of imagination from dying out - it is with this mindset i picked up " would n't take nothing for my journey now . " and what did i find as a result of my maverick literary exploration ? ehh.. . ms. angelou may not take anything for her journey , but based on the cover price she will take $17.00 to tell you a bit about it , and even this may not even seem like that bad a deal were it not for the fact that either her journey was bland , her insights wanting or her conclusions misguided - whatever the cause , this book is dreadful . if you are looking for the usual meaningless new age spiritual gobble-gook ; i.e. , about boundaries , respect , finding ones direction , learning what it means to be a women , etc. then this journey is for you - but if you see this nonsense as the nonsense it is , you will be best served my buckling up your shoes and journeying elsewhere 
books neg 348.txt book contains many useful lists / charts / comparisons to define giftedness . many helpful hints about raising a gifted child . main criticism is that the book is more about raising children in general - - and may push those with & quot ; normal&quot ; kids into thinking they have gifted ones and down that track - - when they should not . gifted kids are the exception , not the norm as this book makes it seem 
books neg 446.txt i have the first edition of this book and had problems with recipes , some i knew were wrong and could figure them out . i heard from the publisher and there were more than 20 mistakes which were fixed in subsequent printings . so if you are buying this do not get the first edition ! ! 
books neg 451.txt this is definitely not one of my favorite books about stocks . the title of the book is a little deceiving , the author talks a lot about option instead of stocks and half the book is about stock splits . chapters 1-4 are about general info , such as you must buy and sell to make money , do n't hold for a long time . you must research the stock before purchase , eps must increase every year . i did n't find anything in those chapters that i did n't already know . chapters 5-10 is all about stock splits and when to purchase the stock as well as when to sell . once again , the author talks about the obvious ; buy when you hear that stock is splitting and sell after the split before the after split dip . chapter 11 gets into more advanced trading techniques , the bull put spread . this is not something that i use or will use in my trading . chapter 12 is the concluding chapter 
books neg 903.txt i simply do not see any point in mixing crime fiction with crime and punishment . 
books neg 877.txt i found it to lean very heavily towards a hierarchal view of the relationship between men and women . men are to rule , and women are to submit to that rule . the authors appear to see women as perpetual children who need to be under the continual domination of men , rather than as adults who deal with men on an adult level . i suggest anyone who reads this books should also read " discovering biblical equality . " it gives another view of how the christians world see the role of women 
books neg 554.txt i am in the planning stages of a new business venture . i have never written a marketing plan before and needed some insight and advice as to what tactics work and how to write the plan itself . this book reads like a list of useful one-liner marketing tips and examples of how the author 's friends have used them . it is not a how to book on writing a marketing plan , and it does not go into much depth as far as how you might accomplish the things that he recommends . the most annoying part of this book is that every other page contains an advertisement for you to join some 12-week commitment mailing list that the author has created . he entices you by saying that you will receive additional tips and information for 12 weeks . hello ! ! ! mcfly ! ! ! did n't i just buy your book so that i could learn your marketing insights ? yes ! so then why do you make it seem like i just paid for the teaser information , and that the good stuff is behind the curtain that requires me to become a pawn in your marketing career ? my price of admission stops at the price of this book , and it should not seem like i 'm only getting half of the story that i paid for ! 
books neg 213.txt amazing how a writer can attempt to make an immoral organization , the corporation , look moral . only someone like al capone could sympathize with this group on the oregon . how can anyone justify having the sort of firepower as is on the oregon . the us apparently is willing to finance the group , but the us also financed sadam , noriega , ... unfortunately , in this sense it is too much like real american policy , which absolutely disgusts me ( the ends justify the ends no matter how many bodies are left behind , as long as they are not righteous americans ) . the characters are clich , there is no suspense since everything goes as planned , and anyone in the crew can just about do anything , including being a successful rock band . it makes me look back on the dirk pitt books and wonder about dirk 's morality 
books neg 549.txt one tiresome , heavy-handed simile after another ; agonizing , descriptive detail that unnecessarily prolongs action ; simplistic , trite phrasing and dialogue - - characters constantly express vague but contradictory emotions in the same sentence , an obvious effort by the author to provoke interest or conflict which falls flat ; routine characterization ; a sentence or two slipped in during a scene or an unexpected circumstance placed at the end of a chapter meant to build plot and suspense read as forced and predictable ; proofreading errors ; fragmented , poor sentence structure - - this book is amateurish writing all the way around . i cannot fathom the reasoning for the quality of the professional reviews which this work received . i cannot understand the lack of proper editing . i am an avid reader and approached this book with much enthusiasm , so imagine my disappointment when i was ready to put the book down a couple of pages into the prologue ! in fairness to the author ( and with a hopeful attitude ) , i forced myself through the first 70 or so pages , however with each turning page i found myself reading along just for sport , my mind constantly drifting and more and more incredulous ( and annoyed ) with this juvenile effort . what could have been a fascinating read due to the intriguing premise is instead a colossal waste of time . 
books neg 369.txt i thought this book was supposed to help you construct a very useful and pretty small house on a budget . i was wrong . instead , it is about not too big houses where you spend tens of thousands , if not hundreds of thousands , on all kinds of architectural extravagances . perhaps this book could have a subtitle : how to spend a million dollars on a 1 , 500 square foot house . if you are looking to build a house efficiently and cheaply , this is the wrong book 
books neg 628.txt this is a nice small book to take along in the car but i do n't think the pictures are animated enough . my 19 month old son does n't seem too interested in the book 
books neg 565.txt this book explains very well the growing paranoia of modern parents . this is a resolute attack against parenting determinism . it is regrettable , however , that the author 's references are not more " scientific " than those he reproaches to parenting determinism advocates of using . moreover , he is not far from praising spanking , which is " proven " very bad for children 
books neg 553.txt ok , i know i 'm going to get hammered for this ; once again , there goes my reviewer rating . but i just have to be honest : this is a terrible story . ok , being that it 's shakespeare , it 's prettily told , but it 's still a horrible story , and i ca n't imagine why otherwise sensible people like it . perhaps they feel that shakespeare is telling it tongue-in-cheek ( it is a comedy , after all ) and poking fun at the system of fathers marrying off their daughters without any concern for whether they want it or not ; that would almost make it tolerable , if i could believe it . but given that it is a shakespearean comedy , we must assume that the ending is supposed to be a " happy " one , and the situation at the end is far from pleasant . or perhaps people believe ( i 've heard this claimed in all seriousness ) that kate has actually " triumphed " at the end , having figured out how to manipulate petruchio so as to get her way subtly and underhandedly . even if this were true , i 'd hardly consider it a " happy " anding , and personally , i see little evidence of it . no , what we actually have here is a story of a strong woman ( some people seem to like it simply because there is a strong woman to be found in it ) being married against her will to a scheming golddigger who " tames " her by blatent if indirect spousal abuse ( he does n't beat her , simply starves her and sleep-deprives her , as well as forcing her to wear muddy rags until she behaves exactly as he wants , up to and including winning him a bet by lecturing her contemporaries on their duties as obedient wives . her spirit may or may not be broken , depending on how the part is played , but the fact remains that she 's forced to behave as if it is , and that 's not a message that should be bruited about in a " comedy " . this is absolutely the worst of shakespeare 's plays 
books neg 611.txt as i sat here writting this review my rating dropped from a three star rating to a two star rating , and i now realize that all of my malice and discontent could have easily been diverted if the book were titled " drawing people : a technical guide for beginners " and mentioned nary a word about the clothed figure . then if i had of stumbled upon this book it would have been an added bonus that the author took the time to outline some basics on clothing and drappery , instead of a full out disappointment . not that i blame the author solely , most of the blame lies at my door . i was so overjoyed in finding a book that proclaimed it was specifically about drawing the clothed figure , brune hogath 's book aside ( another devastating disappointment ) , and that it was written by a professor from the academy of art , a school that i am still deciding on attending , that instead of going my normal route ( ordering the book through the store , checking it out in person , and then ordering it online so i could get a fatty discount ) i impulsively bought the book , only reading the book synopsis and barely glancing over the customer reviews ( which all looked favorable ) . now i realise my folly , and am yet determining whether i 'll pay for it ( i.e. keep the book ) . i guess what all of my harping boils down to is the lack of content instead of the quality , for i can easily discern bradley is an excellent artist with years of knowledge garnered from experience , and i 'd say that experience shows equally in all areas , not just clothing but in setting up a composition and following through . the problem is , at least in my opinion , that this book is supposed to specifically address clothing , and it does n't for the most part . roughly one fourth of the book pertains to clothing , the other three fourths talk about : how to properly hold your drawing implement , how to properly position yourself if you are drawing from a live modle , maintaing a daily sketchbook , researching your subject matter , the relationships between the head neck and shoulders , drawing hands , drawing feet , drawing eyes , and a whole slew of other . . .i would n't say irrelavent , because they are relavent , but not neccessarily the most important topics pertaining to drawing the clothed figure . a refernce guide on clothing should discuss a plethora of clothing materials , and bradley does on one page with chicken scratch detailing . it should outline some of the rules when dealing with how clothes tend to fit people of varying body tips , again something bradley discusses on one single page . the differnce between water logged clothing and dry clothing , she did n't bother mentioning that . how pants typically bunch up while you 're walking seen from the head on , profile , three quaters , and back view , another topic she failed to mention . some examples of evening / formal attire vs. day clothes , how clothing reacts when the subject is in motion , how jackets restrain your actions and bunch up , the effect of wearing multiple layers at once , achieving that perfect windswept look , and all manner of other topics that should appear in an artistic clothing refernce guide . maybe i 'm being too harsh on bradley , after all she does mention in her preface that there are n't a whole lot of books pertain to drawing the clothed figure , and compared to the standard " how to . . . " books she 's leaps and bounds ahead of the rest . oh yeah , that 's another thing , she does n't outline any steps on how to achieve a realistic rendering like - first start out with a cone pointing upward then draw a sphere at the bottom / base . the sphere represents the weight of the gathered cloth so the stress lines originate from the tip of the cone and travel down the length eventually enveloping the sphere . note the ripples . -or some junk like that . back to me not being to harsh on bradley , i guess in reading she is / was a professor in the arts i thought she would have some understanding of the common impediments modern day artist face when depicting clothing . for all who have read this drawn out rant , two maybe three people , and think i 'm all talk , trust me if i had the skills i 'd come up with my own series of " how to draw . . . " books and address all of my issues . as is i 'm pretty good at drawing dynamic figures , but the second i add clothing they become flat , lifeless caricatures and i do n't see this book as alleviating my shortcomings much . as is my own artistic habits ( drawing from magazines , online pics , and occasionally stepping outside of my cave to draw people in motion ) are a match for the few helpful hints in this book . you 're better off doing what you 've always done plus artistically drapping to a wall or over a piece of furniture from time to time then buying this book . if you do know of a book that addresses even half of the afore mentioned topics , if you could write a review mentioning them , somehow recommend them to me or whatever i 'd be eternally in your debt 
books neg 328.txt i found this book to be very disappointing . ms conant and her heroine were both suffering from memory loss with this book . not up to her usual standard 
books neg 840.txt richard fawkes ' writing is stilted , his phrases repetitive , and he does n't convince me at all that he knows anything about the military . do n't waste your time or money 
books neg 993.txt i agree with the above comments...all one sees is a black cover . the book looks / sounds interesting , but there is no table of contents or example of what is inside the book . this book needs to present more information if you expect one to buy 
books neg 32.txt i 've been following the alex cross series from its beginning , and after reading cat & mouse , i 'm wondering if patterson has taken these characters as far as they can go.. . given the fact that there are 7 or 8 more cross books written subsequently to this one , i can only hope that the series gets better . my complains are similar to those of other reviewers : 1. i 'm getting sick of the perfection of alex cross . the man 's a saintly father , saintly grandson , saintly lover , saintly charity worker , and saintly detective . these traits hooked the reader and made cross an intriguing character , but he 's fast becoming too one-dimensional . 2. the cross / sampson relationship . as if we were n't sick enough of this already . every few chapters , we 're reminded of the man-crush cross and sampson have on each other . sampson is so perfect in cross 's eyes that it becomes tiresome to hear about it every time sampson enters a scene . 3. the cross / christine johnson relationship moves way too fast . one moment christine is still mourning the loss of her husband ( who was viciously murdered 6 months prior in jack & jill ) and freaks out over an innocent dinner date , and the next she and cross are madly in love . no development whatsoever , no line from point a to point b . 4. i 'm not sure patterson could have written the dialogue between cross and his children any more unrealistically . are n't these 7 - and 9-year-old children ? he has more intelligent conversations with his kids than he does with sampson or kyle craig . 5. the entire novel is a series of pseudo-climaxes which are ultimately resolved by plot twists that seemingly arrive from left field . the soneji resolution was anti-climactic at best , and the mr. smith conclusion was unfulfilling 
books neg 656.txt for the most part , the author seems to have pretty good information for the time of the book 's printing , but for anyone who wants to read this book on purely scientific terms , be warned ; there are several places where the book goes awry , for example : the author states that tracks of tyrranosaurus indicate that it was a solitary animal , occasionally hunting in pairs . problem : no tracks of a t . rex have been discovered to date , a decade and a half after the writing . aside from that and a few other points , though , the book is good reading 
books neg 858.txt it was a mistake to buy it . only few pages were interestin 
books neg 838.txt this book is very dissapointing . sure , this book is full of information , but does not know how to teach . this book is not completely written in step by step method . before you actually start touch your project , you are fed up with information . i even found a couple of mistakes in earlier chapter . dvd comes with this book , but this dvd is not a lesson project like apple pro training series . not useful . if you are beginner and start studying dvd studio pro 4 , do n't by this book ! you 're going to waste your money . buy the one from apple pro training series , which is much better , easy to understand . 
books neg 1000.txt " the burning " was a big letdown after reading bentley little 's masterful book , " dispatch " . i seriously considered that this book might be written by someone else while bentley was ill and could n't write . who knows . i love this guy and ca n't tell you how disappointed i was . while one of the top 5 horror writers working today , bentley little seems to be hit or miss with his stories . i simply just did not enjoy reading this new release . it seemed that he was throwing way too much random horror at the reader and hoping some of it would stick . and , with everything he was trying to do , none of it - not one moment - was scary ! shadow creatures performing random oral sex , creeping fungus , talking voices in the microwave , deformed goblins peering in windows , skeletons climbing out of mud pits , tunnels filled with moving corpses , and a runaway ghost train crashing into the white house was just too silly . it reminded me of his previous work , " the return " , another disappointment containing silly , bizarre , and unrealistic situations . the scenes of horror during the first third of the book were described during the daytime hours and lost its scare value , suspense , and atmospheric quality . the book had many problems that pulled me out of the story . one of those problems was how ridiculous it was that the police would allow a field trip to a tunnel of bodies that had just been discovered earlier that same day . bentley needs to do what he does best , which is to come up with a gimmick , focus everything on that single idea , and continue to build suspense around it using his original and obsessed style of storytelling . it worked with " the store " , " the association " , " the policy " , and " dispatch " , just to name a few . let 's hope he gets back on track with his next book . 
books neg 517.txt there are plenty of math manipulatives besides a brand-name chocolate for children to use to have fun solving math problems . how about carrot or celery sticks that they can dip in nutritious yougurt ? m & ms have their own math book too . why hook children on this commercialism when there are so many healthy alternatives 
books neg 600.txt this book gave me insight into german culture . it is no wonder there was a holocaust with children 's books like these . max and moritz are adventurous children and they are caught . being caught is n't enough . they are ground in a flour mill for punishment . not even that suits the miller . he feeds their remains to the ducks . it instantly reminded me of concentration camp victims being cremated and then turned into soap . this story will forever give nightmares 
books neg 695.txt i started reading this book hoping for the best . in turn , i found that my hopes were n't fulfilled . the beginning half was intriguing and kept me wanting more . after the tone changed , the book became bitter and boring . the characters lost their flare , and the whole book lost personality . the book became dull and lost appeal to me . the book 's writing style , in the beginning , was original and fun . following the death of little red the book slowly fell apart , leaving me tempted to stop reading the book . if someone asked me to recommend a good book , this would not be the one 
books neg 715.txt i can tell you first hand how amazon makes easy money . i am a formal seller here at amazon . not a big seller , but an honest one with a 5 star rating and zero claims.however amazon allows dishonest buyer 's to do chargebacks months after a purchase and then has nothing in place to assist seller 's in getting their merchandise back . sounds like retail fraud to me ! ! i wish there was a lower rating to give to this website.they are truly at the bottom ! 
books neg 693.txt ernest hemingway dies on page 161 of this 300-page book and so does author valerie hemingway 's story . for that reason this book merits only two stars . early in her story of meeting hemingway in spain in 1959 at age 19 , valerie is aware of the author 's magnetic and dominant personality , " around him everything came to life....there was an urgency and vitality that...did not ebb . " when she stays focused on the story of ernest hemingway , this is an endearing look at the older , struggling hemingway finding temporary renewal in the freshness of an innocent irish girl who entered his life during the final drafts of " a moveable feast . " but the youthful time spent with the famous writer works against this memoir since she was clearly neither as dedicated a correspondent or note taker as her subject . as a result , her recollections are thin and easily available in other sources such as a . e . hotchner 's " papa hemingway . " the two years she spent living and traveling with hemingway through spain , paris , key west , cuba , and america , share as much space as her weird marriage with hemingway 's strange son , gregory ( apparently the other " bull " referred to in the title ) . it shows the continuing vitality of ernest hemingway - even in death and over 40 years later - that a valerie hemingway can find a book deal for her meager remembrances of such a great man 
books neg 370.txt i see where this would be appealing to sum . i just never " got it " . oh well . 
books neg 795.txt waller should win an award for the most times reprocessing the same book and making money from it . come on . show some imagination 
books neg 548.txt imposible to do so with no item received 
books neg 218.txt this book is very disappointing , as is most of gunaratna 's work on islamist terrorism . it 's the sort of stuff governments and many of the public want to hear , ie . bin laden and aq are everywhere , responsible for every terrorism attack and all regional terorist groups ( such as ji ) are aq franchises - total bollocks . the book lacks solid and verifiable reserach and is written by a " scholar " who spends most of his time doing alarmist media commentary 
books neg 924.txt the author is a sociologist and tells of testing the opinions of two groups as to oj 's guilt . [there was no test as to the extent of their actual knowledge ! ] you wo n't learn anything new from this book . it has a long list of books on the subject , but the author gave no ratings or summaries on them . were they all equal in quality ? the oj case received more publicity than the oklahoma city bombing or the clinton impeachment . the national association of editors and publishers has never told of the reasons for its play in the news . could it have been intended as a distraction from other news ? in may 1994 the newspapers carried stories on how north korea was ready to attack and start a war ; this was repeated weekly . in 1999 i read that president carter had been sent on a diplomatic mission to north korea ( must have been a success , since the propaganda stopped ) . could the double murders in brentwood have been well-publicized as a distraction ? is n't two murders a day the usual la statistics ? how many other waiters ( just from mezzaluna ) were murdered each year ? are murders by organized crime often solved ? the book " killing time " noted that restaurants and health clubs ( in la and elsewhere ) were often used a fronts for drug dealing and prostitution . if this explains the murders , you wo n't find much in this book . [my experience is that most white americans made up their minds in june 1994 and never let the new facts interfere with their prejudgment.] 
books neg 932.txt the book i am going to talk about is the book arms and the man by bernard shaw . i really did not like this book because it was hard for me to understand . the reason i did n't like it was because it was challenging for me . the english was hard to understand . i liked how the writer wrote the book and i would probably look for another one of his books . this book was more like an opera with out music . if i could have and known to i probably would not have this enthusiastic about the book . one reason i picked the book was because it was dealing with war and i thought it would have been cool to read about war , but when i got more in to the book it was really not about war it was more about a love at war . if you 're an older audience it would be a good book , or if you 're looking for a good love-war story . 
books neg 751.txt this book can be very damaging if you approach it with the idea that it is absolute truth . as some readers have complained , this is not really a " christian " book because the focus is n't on christ , it 's on you . a biblically centered way of dating would put the focus on loving other people unconditionally , the way jesus would , and not on trying to " find the perfect spouse . " the whole premise of the book is rather un-christlike : making yourself enticing enough to the opposite gender that someone would want to marry you . it 's rather selfish , really , when you consider the words of john the baptist : " christ must become more , i must become less , " as well as the warning in song of solomon " do not awaken love until it so desires . " should n't our primary goal be to glorify christ and not search for earthly shortcuts to fulfilling our desires ? finding a spouse is not like science nor business which have clear procedures or even guidelines . hearts can be broken , and therefore authentic , christlike love must take precedence . i do n't mean to sound accusing , but this book borders close to the type of manipulation that the world cleverly calls " seduction . " my brother humorously commented that the book also tries to turn you into a " poser . " this happens when ' forcing yourself ' to be more masculine or feminine in order to entice the opposite sex . you have to ask : what kind of people are you trying to attract...people who are enticed by your masculinity / femininity or people who are excited about you for who truly are ? i personally would rather a lady be attracted to me for my fruits of the spirit than my looks or personality . it is a combination of both action and faith that is important . faith to set the situations up . action to knock em down 
books neg 225.txt i have no personal experience with 12-step programs nor do i have dominant addictions ( other than book and dvd buying ! ) but i am a psychologist who has seen a lot of people and their stories and regularly deals with smoking , over-eating and love addictions in particular . i was hoping for some new ideas to assist clients . this book takes a rational-emotive type approach to conquering addiction and on that level is fine for those wanting to look at that approach . i also found some of his reference to research of how people recover also quite useful but he seems to have quite a personal , and often over-generalised , attacking crusade against 12-step programs . some of his concerns about possible problems and misunderstandings many people can have with 12-step programs were valid and useful . similarly i welcomed his questioning of the disease model that has people always defining themselves as an addict and powerless . however he has to keep coming back in every chapter to go over and over the evils he sees in 12-step programs - and in very derogatory judgmental language . he often even implies they are all deliberately manipulating and exploiting people . i got very uncomfortable with his imputing these motives to everyone . there appear to be many genuine people of good intention in these movements ( and many who clearly seems to get a lot out of them and have recovered ) . i would have rather he had used his own rational methods rather than resort to such abusive language . he could have suggested modified views and tools , and alternatives to consider . i ca n't imagine that he would lure anyone away from the 12-step programs he criticises by attacking everything they have been standing for . however a gentler exploration of limitations and evidence and suggestions for alternatives may have opened up a welcomed middle ground 
books neg 911.txt this book is awful . i have read the entire thing , and it says nothing that is useful . i have been in public accounting for 10 years , and i am now ready to start my own firm . i wasted my money on buying this book . i know it is tempting to buy , since the title is exactly what i was looking for , but trust me , choose another book . the accounting guild website that the author constantly refers to is no longer in existence 
books neg 973.txt this would have to be the worst book i have ever read.wow will is running from dead people . some one is trying to kill him so cool.how much more boring can you get.i would not recommend this book to a cave man or any thing for that mater . so what i 'm saying is it stinks 
books neg 893.txt for those of you who have not yet read this book : this book is about a white-wannabe black girl who pays way too much attention to her friend 's puberty . i have never read a worse book in my life . this book is shallow , boring , and completely pointless 
books neg 413.txt as many have stated before me the book starts off with great promise for people who like historical fiction , however midway it turns into a romance novel . i give it 3 stars for holding my attention . a good beach read that can get you thinking ( a little ) about a time past . the one star is a mistake and i cannot seem to change it . 3 *** stars 
books neg 691.txt first off : i 'd like it better if we had 1 / 2-star options . judas unchained really does n't deserve a 2 , more a 2-1 / 2 or 2-3 / 4. i have a love / hate relationship with peter hamilton 's books . he 's very adept at introducing interesting technology and making a faster-than-light society plausible but , as with a lot of these hard-science , libertarian sf authors , he badly needs an editor . i was skipping over multiple pages of irrelevance in both this book and its prequel , pandora 's star . he also has far too many " main characters " who ( despite 800+ pages ) never seem to come alive . they all speak with essentially the same voice . and when he tries to individualize someone they come off as badly stereotyped ' 60s era hippies - - come on , does anyone seriously say " dude " in the real world much less the imagined future of the 24th century ? and why is hamilton so obsessed with sex with young ( or rejuvenated ) women ? hamilton 's treatment of virtual immortality is hit and miss at best . on the one hand , the innate conservatism of an immortal civilization is well developed , represented and believable . on the other hand , the dynamics of the relationship between " old timers " and " first lifers " is unsatisfactory . in four centuries , for example , no one has even attempted to unseat nigel sheldon from his position as head of the sheldon dynasty ? perhaps the commonwealth 's continual expansion is the safety valve but even here , the government ( controlled the eternal heads of these dynasties ) controls it . another point that is brought up briefly is why would anyone want to live forever if their life did n't change - - i mean the characters of a novel ( almost by definition ) are dynamic , go-get - 'em types but most people just plod through their lives and then die . why would anyone want to do that for lifetime after lifetime ? the aliens are ok . the problem with them ( and this is true of nearly every sf story ) is that they tend to be one dimensional - - they 're all of a singular type and all too often they really do just act like human beings with weird make up . ( this is a problem in fantasy stories , too . ) on the plus side , i do tip my hat to hamilton for not allowing the humans to save themselves with an alien " deus ex machina . " ozzie 's adventures in " wonderland " ( i.e. , the silfen paths ) do bring him to the adult silfen and he does find out the origins of the dyson barriers but the knowledge does n't really help anyone defeat the primes . overall , if you started with pandora 's star , you probably should finish the journey with judas unchained . if you have n't started down this " silfen path , " i recommend alistair reynolds , tony daniel or iain banks . they write similarly grand space opera but are better at it than hamilton has proven himself to be to date 
books neg 487.txt i have listened to a bunch of dean koontz books . while listening to the second one i saw so many similarities , which really turned me off . and this flaw continued which each book i listen to , which caused me to be reluctant to buy this book . however , most of the stories were pretty good so i stuck with him . this is not the case with this book . " cold fire " is absolutely horrible . i so regret purchasing this book . it is so bad that i have decided to swear off dean for looooooooong while . just on a side note , " the bad place " is the first dk book i read and it was very entertaining . 
books neg 206.txt on our beloved kay scarpetta and the illustrious ms. cornwell ? having been an avid fan of her novels from the very beginning , i simply cannot help but ask myself....is she really writing this stuff ? very slow in the beginning , i began to fear a repeat of the struggle that i endured to finish blowfly . however , this novel does begin to pick up momentum...but not until the reader is halfway through , and certainly not until this author had left me sufficiently disgusted . the storyline finds scarpetta summoned home to the scene of the crime...richmond , virginia , where her previous employer seeks her assistance in unwraveling the mysterious death of a young girl . so scarpetta- --with marino tagging along of course- --heads back to richmond from her new home in florida to offer assistance ; only to find that her old building is being demolished...and that the new one , under the leadership of dr. joel marcus , is sloppy regarding policies and procedures . the demoralization of her former staff by dr. marcus is also unnerving to scarpetta ; and clearly he resents her intrusion . so why has he asked her to come ? meanwhile , lucy , as head of the last precinct , is once again up to her ears in nonsense . for such a brilliant , successful young woman ( as readers have always been lead to believe ) , why must cornwell insist on making her so completely stupid in her literary life ? in this tale she is once again romantically linked with a narcissistic sociopath who also happens to be her employee . worse than the weak storyline , and the fact that this novel is just all over the place , is the author 's disturbingly sterotypical portrayal of african-americans throughout . drug dealers are black , they 're dead of gunshot wounds , and most ludicrous of all is in one instance cornwell references a dead young man 's " conspicuously large organ . " are you kidding me ? the trash collectors are " big dark men " and of course in an upscale neighborhood , the " old black woman " must work in one of the houses . the author 's unbelievably narrow-minded , stereotypical view of other races is disturbing at best , and frankly makes one think that she may just be as stupid from a common sense perspective as lucy . read only if you must , but frankly there are better ways to spend your time . dy 
books neg 442.txt if you 've read anything already about these techniques - writing it down , visualizing it , tithing - this book offers no additional insights . and despite his & quot ; official religious disclaimer&quot ; at the beginning of the book , it is packed to the rafters with the author 's own religious dogma . if you share the author 's religious outlook you may like this book , but otherwise it makes for very tedious reading 
books neg 607.txt . . .uninspired and unsatisying . the writing style is austinesque , but the insipid plot and shallow character development are definetly not . margaret 's motives and emotions are obscure , and the author 's assertion that her & quot ; heroine&quot ; has wit and intelligence is never illustrated by word or deed . quite the contrary . . 
books neg 311.txt why use 1 word when 12 will bewilder the reader and make the book that much thicker . i can not believe that a qualified editor reviewed this book . the wheat to chaff ratio is horrendous . you can go whole paragraphs without coming upon anything worth knowing . i can only hope that the actual cisa exam questions are not written as poorly as the sample questions within this book . if you value your time , do not buy this book 
books neg 875.txt this is for beginners , it 's filled with useless forms , and it provides very little information beyond a common-sense and reasoned approach to real estate . surely there must be better resources than this 
books neg 403.txt i have read several of hiaasen 's books and loved them . they were very funny . this one is not . it is an endless description of naked strippers . i found the main character , erin , to be very unappealing . she is just so stupid . her problems are all of her own creation . and she is not funny . i think you have to be a man to like this book . i , as a woman , just found it exceedingly boring . i kept waiting for it to get funny . it never did 
books neg 869.txt this book has too many errors . there is nothing more frustrating than to follow the steps outlined and find out it does not work because they did not q&a the examples . ie . they ask you to select a field from the table , but the field does not exist . the stored procedure does not include it . you would have to know how to write sql to correct this 
books neg 970.txt the best thing about this book is its table of contents . in second place is the preface . and then it 's all downhill . if you want to buy a list of topics in electronic communications , with brief summaries that explain absolutely nothing whatsover in any great ( or even little ) detail , and you really have no other use for your hard earned $100.00+ dollars , then please go ahead and buy this book . if however , you value your cash , and would rather buy a book that rather than insulting your intelligence , at least attempts in good faith to teach you something , then please , do n't fall for the marketing ploy of the title " rf microelectronics " . because there 's very little " rf " and even less " microelctronics " in this text . here 's a taste of the marketing ploy from the very first line of the preface : " the annual worldwide sales of cellular phones has exceeded $2.5b . " do i see dollar signs in your eyes ? i thought so . do n't fall for the trap . if you want to learn a thing or two about rf electronics theory as well as detailed explanations of what the job of each individual component ( like a capacitor here or a resistor there ) in a communication circuit is , then buy : modern electronic communication ( 9th edition ) by gary m. miller . the miller book 's 9th edition is coming out soon . even with 992 pages of text , it costs only $60.00. i believe razavi 's book should never have been published because frankly , it 's not a book at all . why it 's still in print ( though stuck at first edition for nearly 10 years ) , is completely beyond any sane person 's comprehension 
books neg 664.txt as a beef eating hindu i am very much interested in finding how cows became holy for hindus and beef a forbidden thing to eat . i browsed through this book in a book store and found it to be very disappointing . first , it appeared to be intended more for creating controversy than for informational purposes . it clearly had a bias which turned me off . second , i am generally up-to date on current issues and remembered that it did not generate all that controversy as mentioned on the cover of the book . there were some rumblings but nothing of the sort described on the covers ( " the government of india demands be ritually burned " ) . later i searched on google with the book title and words " ban " , " government of india " and found no news reports relating any government of india attempts at banning this book . there were no reports on ban by allahabad high court either . all i found were book reviews on the book and other articles written mainly by political commentators known for their leftist opinions . third , i found some material on internet on how the author misinterpreted much of the scriptures to support his conclusions . it basically left me disappointed and i am still searching for some reliable and accurate material on this matter . 
books neg 142.txt mcmurry 's text is a very friendly , gentle intro to organic . it 's a thoroughly enjoyable read , but it does n't teach you what you need to know . explanations for important mechanisms are usually very brief , and the problems included are usually very basic and general ( the spectroscopy and synthesis problems , in particular ) . if you 're looking to become a chemist , this is not the book to learn from . i 'd recommend vollhardt and schore 's textbook , or any number of sophomore-level texts that will give you the skills you need to approach complicated problems more successfully ( i.e. , on exams or out in the industry ) 
books neg 690.txt this is a decent book on photographing artwork - - but not the the most comprehensive . the strengths of this book are that mr. saddington ( 1 ) discusses the use digital media , and ( 2 ) makes the process of photographing artwork very user-friendly by providing great visual references throughout . the user-friendly aspect is the book 's strongest selling point , especially for artists who are new or novices at photography , or visually oriented ( i.e. , no patience for reading instructions that come with few or no pictures ) . mr. saddington 's book provides pictures of what makes a bad negative exposure / photograph , and provides a concise explanation for these results , and does the same for an example of a good negative exposure / photograph . he also provides illustrations of setting up equipment and artwork for photographing . the weakness of this book lies in the general details provided ... unfortunately , mr. saddington provides a limited amount of helpful hints and leaves out specific details for for problem shooting ... i base this opinion on my comparison of this book with a book called & quot ; photographing your artwork&quot ; by russell hart . if you buy mr. saddington 's book , i 'd recommend supplementing it with the purchase of mr. hart 's book . the two books complement each other . where mr. saddington 's book lacks in details , mr. hart 's book fills in the information gaps . on the other hand , mr. hart 's book is very text heavy and has very few illustrations ... so if you 're a visually-oriented person , mr. saddington 's book would easily compensate in the area of illustrating this very important process . again , mr. saddington 's book is decent , but it should be used as a supplemental reference , especially for the visually-oriented person 
books neg 873.txt the premise put forth in the title is supported by some keen insights into " leadership by calling " and comparisons to it with " modern leadership theory . " les csorba writes about the danger of pursuing results without compassion ; a point with which i agree . unfortunately , some of the examples he chooses are questionable.. . after warning about the danger of weak character in powerful leaders , csorba chastises german chancellor schroeder for turning back on some promises to george w bush regarding the war on terrorism and then goes on to deride him for his four wives . meanwhile he praises jack welch for going from neutron jack to a gentler jack ( which jack says he would abandon if needed ) while still making the " tough " decisions that got the " results " for the shareholders . jack can change is mind and go back to compassionless results.. . ok . also , there is no mention that jack was getting results with his personal secretary whilst the wife was at home.. . unfortunately the theme in csorba 's examples becomes one of bashing the mistakes of democrats and forgiving the sins of the republicans . he does sprinkle in some condemnation for a few wrong-minded republicans in a meek attempt at balance . it 's a shame that he turned this into a politcally tainted work . it started off so well . it started off well even though it will turn off readers who are not people of faith as faith is central precept to this book . it also started off well even though he chose to make george w bush the role model for how to be a trust-able leader . unfortunately this conservative / political bent turned an even harder right from there and kept going . it kept going to the point that i could no longer plan on sharing this book with some folks i know who really need it . they would simply say its a bush-ie / right-winger book and dismiss the valuable and otherwise soundly argued premise . too bad . csorba almost had a classic instead of a politically tainted leadership manual . i say this even though i am republican , am one of the few folks who would admit they were voting for bush before the election , am a person of faith , and tend to find the dems an easy target . but this book was supposed to be about so much more than republican politics . too bad 
books neg 175.txt i 'm really disappointed in this book , because the author seems to imply that you can have anything you want , but that is just not the case . it 's a deceptive title . i can honestly say that this book is worthless and is not going to help you ; you 're better off practising feng shui and hanging little crystals in your house than reading this book ( and i 'm not knocking feng shui , i practise it myself ) . people like the author of this book just want to make a quick buck at your expense . in the end , you 'll just feel worse off , looking for the " next big thing " to promise you some more snake oil . another fact i 'd like to point out is that this author sells this book in cd format for around $60.00 ( i got a flyer in the mail ) . if he is truly living life according to his principles why would he even charge for these so-called " secrets , " does n't that go against his own moral values ? one of the gimmicks of the cds is that you can learn the secret sound of " creation , " as if chanting " ahhhh " is going to make everything alright . thanks to dyer and others like him , i am completely against any sort of " positive thinking " guru . they are only after your money ( while you keep wishing you had more ) . *btw , you might be interested to know that after reading this book , you 're only going to find out that the big catch is that manifesting your destiny , according to the author , only applies to spiritual matters . huh ? yes . the entire book promises you can have anything you want , but it has absolutely nothing to do with material prosperity . the author also wants you to know that if your desire is not in accordance with " god 's " plan , you do n't have a chance either . thought i 'd mention that before you read this book and end up feeling cheated ! 
books neg 759.txt not that great . a far better read is " sun , sin and suburbia : an essential history of modern las vegas " by geoff schumacher . 
books neg 974.txt there was nothing in this book that our association has n't covered nearly every week . i was very dissapointed . it offered little tidbits like & quot ; a postgame review can help you learn from experience&quot ; . do n't we all do & quot ; postgame reviews&quot ; , even if it is simply going over the game in our head on the drive home ? i certainly do . no , i 'm not he best umpire in our association . i would rate myself as somewhere in the middle . the book offered me nothing new , nothing that our association does n't talk about constantly . buy a childress , or save your money 
books neg 424.txt i have been slogging through this book for weeks now , it was a terrible shock to the system after john julius norwich 's excellent book on byzantium . the book lacks any narrative thrust , often stopping and retreading events slightly out of chronological order and frequently bringing all forward motion to a halt by describing the intricacies of some bureaucratic office or another . the one consistent thing throughout this book is the author 's obvious agenda to " set the record straight " and prove that the ottoman empire was far superior to its " barbaric " european contemporaries 
books neg 491.txt this book is not about india or indians . shallow characters . non existant plot . a dismal end to a not terrible beginning . unlike one of the other reviewers , i was unlucky enough to buy this book - what a waste 
books neg 818.txt i was very excited when i got my copy of this book . i am a big fan of medical thrillers . i started with robin cook and michael palmer and from then on i was hooked . unfortunately for me , i selected the wrong book . it was very slow and he did n't pick up the pace until i was about 60 pages from the end . then all hell broke loose . i have a feeling that josh got a little help from people telling him to " spice it up " . all in all , i was disappointed and still do n't know what perv means . hope he does better on his second . i will give it a try but only the first 50 pages . if he has n't hooked me by then , i 'll give up 
books neg 88.txt i have read 208 pages and i am bored with this book . i do n't think i can finish it 
books neg 946.txt susanna rowson 's & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; is not the first novel and certainly not the last to deal with the topic of the morally fallen woman . poor , pitiful charlotte finds herself in the midst of an immoral and unforgiving world where one transgression sends her on the road to permanent ruin . rowson encases her heroine charlotte temple within a world of virtue and vengeance . charlotte has no possible means of escaping her inevitable fate because the author / narrator makes it clear from the onset that she has written this story as a lesson to young woman . she has no real interest in charlotte as a dimensional character . charlotte simply serves as a symbol of lost virtue and symbols do not have real emotions or feelings . & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; was written in 1794 and became one of the first best sellers of the newly formed america . a morally abhorrent woman who pays for her sins almost always guaranteed a best seller in the eighteenth century and now & quot ; charlotte temple&quot ; has been rediscovered and published in a scholarly press edition . was this reclamation of charlotte really necessary ? in the past twenty years , feminist scholars have rediscovered authors and texts that have gone out of print or been totally ignored by the literati . authors such as anne plumptre , frances burney , aphra behn , sarah fielding and charlotte lennox have been dusted off and given new literary lives . feminist scholar cathy davidson has taken charlotte temple in hand and aims to join rowson to the above list of rediscoveries . unfortunately , rowson does not warrant such treatment . rowson has a flat , humorless approach to the fallen woman story . unlike burney 's & quot ; evelina&quot ; or & quot ; camilla , & quot ; rowson does not imbue her narrative with needed levity . her pedantic iron-fisted preaching smothers the modern reader in a moral morass that confounds rather than illuminates . in many of the fallen women stories , authors would use the genre as a subversive technique to criticize the patriarchal structures . rowson does engage in such subversion within the novel . she seeks to preach to the young women who may fall victim to the unscrupulous man - - in england and america , it was not considered altogether lady-like to read a novel , so rowson would be preaching to young women who had already transgressed . rowson does not criticize men within the novel . she does not censure montraville for taking charlotte as his mistress , impregnating her and abandoning her for a wealthier woman . when he believes that charlotte has becomes his best friend 's mistress , he does not believe that she would soil her reputation even though she has ruined her life by engaging in an illicit affair with him . he aims to enact revenge upon the friend for acting & quot ; dishonorable&quot ; against her . yet if he had not acted dishonorably towards her , she would not have been reduced to a penniless , pregnant ex-mistress scrounging the streets for food and shelter . he never takes responsibility for his role in charlotte 's downfall . rowson had the perfect opportunity for savage criticism of the patriarchy with montraville but she fails to take it . instead , rowson places the blame for charlotte 's ruin on the women within the novel . when charlotte leaves the safe bosom of her morally upstanding family , she enters into the deviant world of the female who fail to protect her from licentious men . madame du pont errs in judgment by hiring the morally loose miss la rue . madame du pont sets charlotte 's downfall in action . rowson does not punish the ignorant madame du pont by killing her , she ends up an hysterical mess after the montraville / charlotte & quot ; elopement . &quot ; miss la rue , the woman who pushes charlotte into the arms of montraville , must be punished for being a promiscuous woman . she ends up poor and begs for her last scrap of food . she ends up dying painfully as rowson takes the opportunity to lecture her readers on the improper behavior of loose women . why would modern readers want to read this ? i do not think any intelligent would reader would want to subject themselves to the depressing experience of reading this novel . at 125 pages , it seemed to progress at such an excruciating pace . no character has any shadings . there are no subplots to divert the attention from the static charlotte . rowson does nothing to keep our interest . unfortunately rowson has become a heroine to feminist scholars for her feat as the first american woman to have a best-selling novel . that accomplishment is noteworthy as literary trivia , but it does not make for engaging reading 
books neg 152.txt i bought the book after a practitioner used this technique on me . however , the information provided is too extensive and confusing , listing far too many " points " in the body with corresponding healing touches to keep track of them . the body map listing them is in the first part of the book , so you have to flip back and forth to see what the author is referring to . i also thought some of the miraculous healing claims a little outrageous . the way this system originated is also a little murky . this is a better book for people training to learn this practice than for the lay public 
books neg 419.txt this book was written in 1982 , updated in 1995. it has a whole section on cameras , which is n't useful since most of them are outdated . does n't even mention digital cameras . since it specifically discusses the mechanics of cameras , i found this book to be disappointing . 
books neg 746.txt i was trying my hardest to be creept out , but like someone said , it read like a pre-teen novel . 
books neg 347.txt " ha ha ha hah ha hah ! " that 's stirling laughing all the way to the bank . or at least i hope that 's what he is doing . but sadly i suspect he more likely feels his wiccan / sca / dnd-infused vision of a post-apocalyptic society is a reasonable , nay , likely path we 'll follow should selective physical laws break down . quick ! stop me ! i feel the need to wave my sword , sing a gaelic song , and break out my cauldron ! the genre requires we make a leap of faith . and as a fan of the genre , i do so willingly . but having made the leap , it is annoying at best to be forced through this " tolkein as faith " drivel . but as i will likely read the entire series ( remember , i love the genre ) i have to hope that stirling leans towards the " thanks for the buck buddy " and is himself laughing at us all . but a picture is worth a thousand words and his mug on the inside cover tells me he believes this nonsense ! my recommendation ? read the book . laugh a bit . maybe laugh a lot . but do this with the library 's copy , not one you paid for 
books neg 246.txt i was quite surprised and disappointed with this book . it is not at all a horror story , not at all mysterious , really it was very boring . normally i enjoy koontz books . 
books neg 335.txt i bought this book because i was looking for some alternatives to pb&j . both of my children are now attending peanut-free / tree-nut free schools . this book has lots of ideas , but too many of them are variations of the peanut butter sandwich . 
books neg 754.txt this book ( i believe ) is one of lem 's earlier stories and it reads like so-so pulp sci-fi . fiasco ( a true 5 star science fiction novel ) picks up the idea of contacting a new world and does it so much better . i suggest reading this only if you are a lem completist ( i 've read all of his stuff except 2 books ) 
books neg 797.txt if you have this book , keep using it for the review only , but not for the tests . i suggest , use 15 tests of meylani for the practice 
books neg 943.txt i seem to be in the minority , but i did not enjoy this book at all . the main character is , of course , the " only female to ever survive becoming a werewolf " but this was only the start of her amazing speshulness . i felt the plot got swallowed up by the author 's need to self-insert and ' play ' in her world , and the only reason i finished this book was that i was on a plane and had nothing else to do . the plot fishtails several times , and is n't all that interesting to start with . in short , i was left with a bad taste in my mouth concerning the author in general , and will likely skip her books in the future 
books neg 91.txt the author is a journalist , but he seems straight out of the chamber of commerce or a right-wing think tank . like business elites , the author basically does not particularly like democracy . in his view societies should be run by elites from several areas - even authoritarians if needed . he is a proponent of constitutional liberalism , based on laws , rights , especially property rights , separation of powers , with much of that power being held in unelected bodies , and most of all free-market capitalism . he finds that set of conditions to be far more important than the exercise of democracy . his low regard for democracy is easily seen in his minimal interest in the manner in which a society of laws is created or even its exact nature and who benefits . most in the west do care . rights and legal systems are not neutral : the manner of construction determines relative winners and empowerment . though the author 's real target is us society , he looks at the results of democracy over the world . and of course , he finds plenty of examples where democracy does n't work . a country in the grip of fanatics will invariably elect and support leaders who are little concerned with rights and legalisms . but it is ridiculous to imply that those situations have any bearing on democracy in the us . in the us , the author is most concerned with what he calls the democratization of society over the last fifty or so years . in actuality , he is focusing on mass culture that is spread through mass consumption as vigorously promulgated by globalizing capitalism . in this era , elites in finance , business , law , banking , health care , various media , etc have likewise been swept up , in fact are the driving force , in a money-first culture . he contends that such elites once had an ethos of service and basically kept our democracy on track via subtle pressures on the masses . it is simply a cynical misrepresentation to hold that massive shopping at wal-mart and the like represents democratic empowerment . the actual test of democracy would be the ability of a community to stop the wal-mart juggernaut . he especially decries direct citizen actions . he is correct to observe that referenda and initiatives have had unintended consequences , often being usurped by special interests with deep pockets . however , he little notes that citizens have taken those routes due to the unresponsiveness of legislative processes . it 's hard to take seriously the stance that the robber barons of the late 19th century , and their heirs , should be viewed as elites who kept our democracy on course , after bribing entire state legislatures as well as members of congress to accumulate vast sums . if citizens had actually been democratically empowered , such distortions of the political process could have been prevented . the theme that cash sanitizes crooks is as american as apple pie . his view that such unelected bodies as the supreme court and the federal reserve board prevent illiberal democracy is also questionable . who could be unaware of the politicization of those bodies : the embarrassing handling of the presidential election of 2000 or the cheerleading role of the fed during the stock market bubble of the late 1990s benefiting financial elites ? no , rule by elites has very frequency distorted and usurped democracy , not buttressed it . if the author put journalism first , instead of being an apologist for 21st century capitalism , he would note the death grip that corporations now have over our society and the political process , actually foiling democracy . first and foremost that control is solidified through the mass media and the education system , distorting and muting all challenging ideas . it is not surprising that americans have been unable to mount any significant challenge to this latest version of laissez-faire , free-market capitalism that is involved in such harmful developments as free-trade agreements , worker visa programs , massive immigration , out-of-control energy policies , broken health care systems , huge cutbacks in various safety net programs , massive redistribution of wealth upwards , the gutting of our manufacturing base , etc. the list could go on . informed , empowered citizens would not permit this system of corporate rule to exist . the us most decidedly is not in a state of too much democracy , but is in the throes of democratic failure , which election hoopla very conveniently disguises periodically . this is the story of democracy that the author chooses to ignore . it is surprising to see the fairly high ratings of this book . americans are supposedly fiercely democratic . yet here is a book that clearly advocates elite rule , even anti-democratic generals if need be . the book is really worth reading only to see the willingness of some to contain citizen empowerment . 
books neg 739.txt we went to a book siging to get this book . truthfully , i was n't sure if the book was going to live up to the hype . t.o. graciously signed books and all proceeds went to charity . i was surprised this book was so well written . my four year old wants me to read it over and over again . he does n't like for me to read to him but he loves this book ! it is the perfect book for children . its not too short but not too long . i have read this book at least 10 times in the past 3 days . i would recommend this book to anyone with small children . it is great book for little boys because of the football theme . however , the lesson is something everyone can appreciate . great book 
books neg 156.txt i found stale recounting of very well-known facts about 20th century technologies and their economics , with no insights . since it covers the gamut from plastics to jet engines to microprocessors , and it 's only 200 pages in a fairly large typeface , i was n't expecting historical depth . but i was expecting at least one fresh idea . i bought it on the strength of a much earlier book by nathan rosenberg ( about technology in the economy of the 19th century ) . i was disappointed . i get the feeling the book is intended as a brief survey for people who just came down in the last shower - - college freshmen born in the 1980s . i 'll bet they find it kinda stodgy 
books neg 237.txt this book was a huge disappointment . sue grafton and kinsey meander all over california but come up with nothing of substance . the author spent more time describing the decor of a hospital room than explaining the murder motive . the characters and their actions are bogus and contrived . for example , kinsey becomes emotionally attached to a young prostitute she met two days before . it does n't work because it is n't real . it is sue grafton bending her characters into grotesque positions as she tries to force a plot into this dull mess . the story makes little sense as we try to follow the seemingly interminable clues and innumerable side characters . when it was all over , i still did n't know why the murders had been committed . save your eyesight ! do not bother picking up this book 
books neg 624.txt a little less psycho babble and a bit more logistical information would have suited me better . ms. cantrell spends the majority of the book being a relationship / marriage counselor , and though it 's true issues become larger in smaller spaces , there are more issues for women cruisers than just their relationship dynamics . as i said , practical logistical information would have suited me better . 
books neg 6.txt why is it ever time you want something bad enough it usually turns out bad ? after the wonderful quinn trilogy fans ( including me ) begged and begged for nora roberts to write seth 's story . after all we journeyed with seth through we wanted to see him fall in love . nora roberts repeatedly said she would not write one . but us fans kept on begging for it and were excited when she finally gave in and wrote it . and we got chesapeake blue . reading it you know you should be grateful because you wanted seth 's story but....this was n't what i ( and my fellow nr fans friends ) wanted . first of all i wanted the heroine to be aubrey . after their beautiful friendship in the quinn trilogy i expected her to be seth 's love interest . but i tried to keep an open mind after all i loved anna , grace , and sybill , but dru whitcomb banks was a completely let down . all she did was whine and complain about her life which were minor compared to what cam , ethan , philip , and seth experienced as children . seth becoming an artist was a surprise too i expected him to join the family business and design boats . the gloria blackmailing him was a very thin and bad plotline . there 's no reason gloria would want to contact him considering all the warrents for her and that seth would n't tell his family considering the quinn brothers ( and wives ) worked their so hard to keep him away from her . i closed this book vowing never to request , beg or petition an author to write a book when they say they do n't want to . because this is what you get 
books neg 110.txt while i realize that the majority of people thought this to be a stellar book , it reminds me of the story , " the emperor has no clothes " . yes , choan can write a beautiful sentence and yes , the first several pages were intriguing but the switching of years was very annoying . the " flipping back and forth " was not accomplished in a smooth , flowing manner . in addition , the subject matter was incredibly depressing and the characters were so flawed that one did not even care about how their lives evolved . the kidnapping was predictable and the ending contrived . it would be impossible to recommend this book to anyone 
books neg 575.txt this bok was very boring i found it hard to stay awa 
books neg 912.txt never in my life have i been so outraged by what i have read as by the drivel spouted by dr. west in this book ( in his translator 's note ) , and by the use of ` unponderingly ' and " the thinkery " ( among other things ) in his translation of the clouds . i also read his translation of plato 's apology of socrates , and found it grossly inferior to jowett . four texts on socrates is not a book to be tossed aside lightly : it should be hurled with great force . ( apologies to dorothy parker . ) not only are the translations themselves inexcusably inept , almost everything that he writes in his translator 's note is wrong . the clouds is a play , not a scientific or mathematical treatise . as such , it has characters and dialogue . a ` modern ' translation of a play must be something that could be presented on a stage and make sense to a ` modern ' audience . if a character is supposed to be bizarre or out of the ordinary , one does not make him spout drivel such as ' unponderingly ' ; one gives him a ` shtick ' , which is a theatrical term . it 's more or less a running gag associated with a particular character . you create , through clever ways of speaking or odd ways of stringing his words together , a characterization . he could be made to speak like a parody of william f . buckley or the star wars character yoda . as it stands , west 's text cannot be presented as a play . it is neither necessary nor useful to coin such nonsense as ' unponderingly ' ; indeed , it is inexcusable . it conveys neither humor nor cleverness . it comes off simply as stupid . the translator of a play must know something about theatre and drawing characters , which dr. west obviously does not . to state it bluntly : the translation of plays should be left to people who understand theatre and characterization , and who are creative . dr. west does n't have a creative bone in his body . in regard to his translation of plato 's the apology of socrates , the translation by dr. west is both original and good , but the parts that are good are not original , and the parts that are original are not good . after all , when one has the work of such a brilliant predecessor as benjamin jowett to follow , the temptation to do something entirely different is strong . but it must be resisted . if dr. west had merely lightly revised jowett 's great work , he would have made a contribution to learning . alas , he did neither . the version by jowett is clearly superior . here is a short excerpt : " and i must beg of you to grant me a favor : if i defend myself in my accustomed manner , and you hear me using the words which i have been in the habit of using in the agora , at the tables of the money-changers , or anywhere else , i would ask you not to be surprised , and not to interrupt me on this account . for i am more than seventy years of age , and appearing now for the first time in a court of law , i am quite a stranger to the language of the place ; and therefore i would have you regard me as if i were really a stranger , whom you would accuse if he spoke in his native tongue , and after the fashion of his country : am i making an unfair request of you ? never mind the manner , which may or may not be good ; but think only of the truth of my words , and give heed to that : let the speaker speak truly and the judge decide justly . " compare west 's inept version : " ...i do very much beg and beseech this of you : if you hear me speaking in my defense with the same speeches i am accustomed to speak both in the marketplace at the money-tables , where many of you have heard me , and elsewhere , do not wonder or make a disturbance because of this . for this is how it is : now is the first time i have come before a law court , at the age of seventy ; hence i am simply foreign to the manner of speech here . so just as , if i really did happen to be a foreigner , you would surely sympathize with me if i spoke in the dialect and way in which i was raised , so also i do beg of you now ( and it is just , at least , as it seems to me ) : leave aside the manner of my speech- -for perhaps it may be worse , but perhaps better- -and instead consider this very thing and apply your mind to this : whether the things i say are just or not . for this is the virtue of a judge , while that of an orator is to speak the truth . " " speaking...with the same speeches i am accustomed to speak " ? how utterly inept and repetitive ! did n't he even proof-read ? one does n't speak with ' speeches ' , one speaks with words ! it is obvious that dr. west never read his version aloud as a test of its appropriateness , which is surprising , because this work is supposed to be a speech . dr. west 's version is clearly not suited to speaking aloud , whereas jowett 's is . in west 's translation , socrates is a clumsy , repetitive , and inept speaker . needlessly so . if you want to read a good translation , see jowett 's 3rd edition ( 1892 ) . why does dr. west believe himself qualified to make translations ? nothing in his work suggests that he is competent in any way to do so . this is not the work of a scholar , but that of a bungling hack . these translations are travesties . how does work this nauseatingly bad get published ? not recommende 
books neg 899.txt i wanted to like this book , but i had to give up in the end . if the overall vignette concept is attractive enough , the execution of detail is n't - - kosinski ca n't write . he tries and eventually fails to convey what he deems important , whereas the reader is always expected to discover " depth " in simplicity . nothing to be recommended for 
books neg 63.txt i am not a right winger whatsoever , am against our involvement in the mid east but did read this book . i ca n't say it better than alan dershowitz who commented about chomsky 's writing in general : many people buy his books and the page that is folded down is never greater than page 16 
books neg 503.txt i was disappointed in this book . the art and techniques illustrated are of the type one might expect to see on a tv craft show . i would instead recomment robert wade 's watercolor book . 
books neg 340.txt grisham 's worst book by far . 90% of the story is preaching to the reader that homeless people just have bad luck and are good guys . it would be ok if that was woven into a good story , but it is not . for great grisham read the firm and the partner . for very good , read runaway jury and pelican brief . all of these are page turners . street lawyer is a stomache turner . really bad . what happened 
books neg 108.txt maybe it was me , but i kept wanting this book to work and it just never grabbed me and i had to put it down . it was almost aggravating 
books neg 377.txt i 'm a big nora fan , but i could n't even finish this one . by the fourth chapter i began to skim . way way way to much detail for me . which made it boring and slow . testing and corrosion , is it fake , is it real ...blah blah blah . enough ! i did however enjoy the side story about the brother ( i forget his name ) . but thats it folks . unlike all the other reviewers , i hated it . i say pass on this one . but as you can see , i 'm in the minority 
books neg 78.txt probability and random processes can be easily approached with grace and elegance so long as the professor and / or writer possess such talents . all too often albert leon-garcia comes across as a total wacko in the possession neither 
books neg 771.txt frankly , this book brings nothing new . we already know everything there is to know about jackie and diana do n't we ? i sincerely regret having paid such a high price to read what i already knew ! i found the book & quot ; mrs. kennedy&quot ; much much more interesting 
books neg 61.txt i try to read items that i would not necessarily agree with . however , this piece of doggerel is nothing but exagerrations , misquotes , and spin . she uses tacky research to make points that do n't exist , then brushes off any critique as " liberal bias " . if you are a conservative , please read something that will allow us to discuss matters . coulters ' book should be titled " slander : liberal lies i made up. 
books neg 757.txt i bought this book , the paperback version . the text is good , it describes all his letters and tries to do a lot of explanations too . however the prints of his paintings are not that impressive . they are very dark prints . go for some other book if you want to see the corect colors of his paintings 
books neg 249.txt i 'm a big nora fan , but i could n't even finish this one . by the fourth chapter i began to skim . way way way to much detail for me . which made it boring and slow . testing and corrosion , is it fake , is it real ...blah blah blah . enough ! i did however enjoy the side story about the brother ( i forget his name ) . but thats it folks . unlike all the other reviewers , i hated it . i say pass on this one . but as you can see , i 'm in the minority 
books neg 411.txt as a lecturer of e-commerce , i was looking forward to reading this book on the social implications of the internet . however , i am most disappointed with the boring and superficial way the subject is explored . the author takes a couple of anecdotical examples to show the concequences in the shift of power that the internet has brought about . the result is a disjointed treatment of an otherwise most interesting topic . i have nothing good to say about this book - money wasted 
books neg 128.txt our hero , amoral in his love life , refusing to kick his unfaithful ex-wife to the curb , and making mystery solving boring , why continue ? parker can write like no one else , but his recent plots suggest the well may be dry 
books neg 298.txt i had to take a look at this book just like i did rachel shteir 's previous book " striptease " to see if the online reviews were true . sadly , they were . like " striptease " , this book was full of typo 's and appeared poorly organized and written . one would think that ms. shteir would have learned from her previous book- -which also had similarly poor reviews . i wonder why gypsy rose lee paired up with her . i can only guess at ms. shteir 's fascination with this topic : my guess is that she wishes she could be a stripper herself ( or maybe she is ) . i base this in part on a meeting with ms. shteir a year ago when i invited her to write about a professional conference i organized and presented at : she wore a very low-cut blouse as she interviewed people . i 'm no prude but this was highly inappropriate and distracting people told me . on top of that , her article was chock full of misquotes , errors in fact , and adopted a perspective that nobody who attended the conference could relate to . oh well , i can only hope that ms. shteir 's next project will be more accurate and also that she will make clear her real interest in her subject matter . gypsy rose , i guess we both made the same mistake : trusting someone like ms. shteit to help us tell a story who did n't have the heart or the skills to pull it off 
books neg 750.txt i am so sorry that i bought this book . it is unfortunate that you do not have a penguin or everyman 's library edition . first of all the book is too large to read in bed . secondly , whoever did the proofreading should be fired . there are so many typographical errors that it really upsets and disturbs the reading . if the postage were not so expensive from israel , i would return the book to amazon 
books neg 794.txt many of the columns were interesting . . . painting a picture of a vast right-ring conspiracy that hillary clinton first brought to the public discourse . but it seems that most of these pieces are obsolete , without any interest either as themselves or as a theme . does anyone care about texas state politics in 1989 , or phil gramm 's problems as a senator or as a presidential candidate ? someone should have gone through this and culled out what was obsolete .. except that that would probably have left less material than would make up a book . just going through a bunch of previously written columns and passing them off as a book may be a cheap and easy way to publish something but it is an inadequate read 
books neg 354.txt this is a great book for someone who is getting a new cat or has a cat but does n't understand him / her . i was expecting some new information about a " secret language " . there was no mention of the latest research in feline behavior and the author describes training a cat like training a dog ; so what 's the " secret " ? i agreed with almost everything in the book except the comment about cat owners who leave on a trip . the author says that cats do not get lonely . well , that 's wrong . he also says that a cat will go to the home where the best food is served . how does one explain cats who live with homeless street people ? the title was deceiving 
books neg 255.txt an elf appearing to harry potter warned him not to return for a second year to the school of sorcery . the chamber of secrets , he said , had been opened and a monster is lurking . harry goes anyway and is the only one who can hear the monster , challenge it and save students who have been " petrified " by the monster . age group interest : early teen . i wanted to see what all the rave was about . lots of action , not much morale . trish new , author of the thrill of hope , south state street journal 
books neg 603.txt if you like unimaginative phony crap you 'll love this book . the proposed animals within this book are utterly stupid and improbable . an antelope that feels through the snow with its incredibly dumb looking antlers ? a diurnal and terrestrial mammal that for some god-forsaken reason lacks eyes of any kind ? primates that do n't evolve to fit man 's niche , but instead take on the roles of otters and flying squirrels ? the thing has got nonsense written all over it . the " future animals " proposed for this book were not well thought out and somebody , please find mr. dixon a liguist , and fast ! some of the names he gives these future animals are so stupidly childish that they actually detract from a creature 's plausibility . a vortex ? a posset ? what jerk scientist of the future is naming these things ? can he please be institutionalized ? i admit the pictures were well done and pre-teen children would probably enjoy this immensely . i know i would 've when i was 10 or 11 , and there 's nothing wrong with that , it 's just that dougal dixon begins the book in a very advanced scientific way discussing food pryramids , chains of evolution , and ecological niches , but then converts to unscientific baloney around page 30. all in all , i just do n't think it 's cut out for people over the age of 12 or so , unless you are just looking for fun and imaginative creatures . but in that case , why restrict your mind with the laws of evolution ? why not pick up a copy of the dungeons and dragons monster manual or something like that with lots of mythological and imaginary creatures ? i find that books intended to showcase the fantastic , do much better outside the realm of ( somewhat-boring ) science 
books neg 158.txt if you 've read anything already about these techniques - writing it down , visualizing it , tithing - this book offers no additional insights . and despite his & quot ; official religious disclaimer&quot ; at the beginning of the book , it is packed to the rafters with the author 's own religious dogma . if you share the author 's religious outlook you may like this book , but otherwise it makes for very tedious reading 
books neg 954.txt blind items has the same writing style as at least one of rettenmund 's other books ( boy culture ) . he goes on for pages and pages to describe something that could have been said in two paragraphs . kind of reminds me of the articles you read in the sunday magazine section of your newspaper . if you like this writing style , rettenmund 's books may be for you . personally it drove me crazy and i set the book down after the first few chapters 
books neg 101.txt [the above is an actual quote from the book] i do n't usually read romances , but got this one at the library . i thought : thriller . hijacked plane , navy seal...all the right stuff . and the beginning was promising . stan fixes everything , and has a human side to him that was compelling . then the plot hit the fan ! as a thriller it stunk . the highjacking was interwoven into the plot weakly , as an after thought . the romantic " tension " between the protagonists was forced and irritating . the dialogue is mundane . the message that horniness leads to true romantic ( sam and alyssa ) love is rubbish . the only worthwhile character was the highjacked girl , and i think it was brave of the author to not have her come out unscathed . the historic ( wwii ) componant was interesting . but overall , i kept asking who the audience is for this book . not lovers of thrillers like me- -and i wonder , do romance readers even care about a highjacked plane , or was that just getting in the way of wondering whether teri will ever tell sam that she loves him ! 
books neg 504.txt rosalind krauss ' theories have some merits , and if you are looking at a book that will drive you up the wall the entire time shouting at it- - read this . i would never allow my grad students to read this dribble 
books neg 239.txt i had never read a danielle steel book before , and decided to give her a try , given that she is so popular and has so many books published . i was pretty disappointed . i agree with the other reviewers that the plot is unrealistic ; however , if a book is unrealistic but well-written and engaging , i would still like it . i think the biggest problem with this book is the author 's excessive repetitiveness . yes , i get that this character is really cold and unloving- --that was already covered 50 pages ago ! in addition , character traits could have been better conveyed through situations , rather than simply stating , " so and so was a devoted mother " and repeating this fact again and again and again . these flaws in the author 's writing kept me skipping through whole sections of the book . this book did not leave me wanting to read more of ms. steel 's books . it is an ok book if you like romance and very easy , repetitive reading . 
books neg 953.txt i have studied the tarot for nearly 5 years and keep an open mind whenever a new book appears on the market . edain mccoy , who has written some wonderful new age material , strikes an off-putting note in this one . the spreads are certainly imaginative and are perhaps insightful to her own method of tarot interpretation , but convey confusing and ambiguous directions to the reader who is trying to understand her card placements . in several of her spreads she conveys that a card 's placement at a certain point in the spread " may or may not " mean some karmic element at play . the whole exercise of creating a spread is to pinpoint with a degree of accuracy the situation you wish to define . therefore , when a card " may or may not " mean something , that interpretation could significantly change on whether you " may or may not " interpret it that way , leaving the interpreter open to rationalizing a card 's meaning . tarot cards are intuitive , not rational , and their meanings can best be intuited when their placement is clearly defined without ambiguity it is difficult to have it both ways and i found working with these spreads difficult . imagine doing a celtic cross reading and the first position " may or may not " be the root of the issue . these spreads speak very clearly to the author , but not so to the reader . i rate it 2 stars for depth and insight into karma and past lives , but the explanations are too ambiguous . 
books neg 938.txt as a follower of the celebration story for many years , i was greatly disappointed by what i thought would be a new and interesting perspective on the model town . it was nothing of the sort . the book had the feel of so many pages of anti-disney propaganda , and the repetitiveness of a bad serial . the authors of celebration u.s.a. clearly made up their minds about celebration long before signing off on a mortgage . lacking in the detail needed to illustrate celebration 's experiment with the tenets of neotraditional style , the book offered splashes of cliched generalities such as " a return to the past " and " recapturing tradition . " it soon became some sort of mantra exhorting disney 's ownership of the town , the rules imposed on property improvements and maintenance , and , interestingly , the attention the town received . most tactless of all was the shadow of mockery cast on every description of residents , conversation with neighbors , and interaction with people doing what the authors should have been doing : giving the town a chance 
books neg 846.txt i agree with the last reader . i did n't finish this book , it was so boring . nothing happened . and the characters were annoying . i read a lot of books that are n't action-oriented and like them . but this one was awful 
books neg 96.txt the amount of violence in this book is excessive over relatively insignificant motives . i had a hard time believing all this was happening in 1948. i am not questioning mosley 's portrayal of racism . however , i did a little research into just how violent place los angeles was in 1948 , and the answer is not very . there may have been poverty , racism , alcholism , but l.a. county seemed pretty safe ; the late 1940s had some of the lowest homicide rates since as far back as one researcher was able to find , 1827 ! mosley may have been more familiar with l.a. of the 1970s and 1980s and just assumed that it had always been that way . throw in speakeasies , gangsters hijacking liquor trucks , and one gets the impression that mosley is confusing the 1948 with 1928. i am not so pedantic as to insist that fiction be historically accurate . but many , many people hail mosley for depicting a dark side of life / era / place that had not been shown before . from what i can tell , he has simply combined stereotypes from the 1920s and 1970s ( i guess those years average to be about 1948 ) . mosley is depicting a fantasy world of his own creation . however , i doubt he ever tried to pass it off as authentic , and i hope readers realize that it is not . easy rawlins in this novel falls into the rather weak , but unfortunately large , group of fictional detectives that actually accomplish little detecting . a detective actually solves a mystery using his own intellect ; that is interesting to read . detectives in less skilled hands solve mysteries via confession . easy does solve one of the murders on his own , but just about everything he " solves " is simply confessed to him . i find that extremely dissatisfying . mosley has packed the book with violence , but seems to know very little about violence himself . none of the fights are well described . easy , for being a self-professed " killing machine " ca n't actually fight worth a damn and is surrounded by guns but does not apparently know anything about them . they are either big or they are small . he does not come of as being hard-boiled , but rather a pathetic braggart mosley does show signs of being a very good writer . but i think he is too far over his head in this genre to come up with something exceptional . i imagine that his work must have improved , but this effort is nothing to get exceited over . and again , i do n't obsess over accuracy , but a little bit of research would have gone a long way in firming the foundation of this novel . 
books neg 124.txt i started reading this immediately after the last reh compilation and there could not be a greater difference in story telling . while reh was first and foremost a story teller , pressfield uses one of the absolute worst devices in his recount of a grandson of his grandfather 's remembering his conversations with a client who knew the famous alcibiades . this , as previous reviewers have mentioned , creates a large gap between reader and story . but why do this ? why use such a crappy method of story telling ? i guess it pads the book with unnecessary dialogue . all in all , it 's a slow , uninspired , day dream story . so crappy that i felt it necessary to write this review echoing previous harsh reviews . i want my money back 
books neg 738.txt if this man took a the time to know the history of u.s. involvment in panama he would know that it was the u.s. that put noriega in power in the first place.it was also the u.s. that killed the previouse leader of panama , omar torrijos.who apposed u.s. control of his county . the united states has used panama for its own gains without regard for the freedom or rights of the panamanian people since the take over of the country by president roosevelt in 1903. one of many good books about the truth of panamanian history is by john perkins " confessions of an economic hitman " 
books neg 855.txt while this book is a good attempt at placing statistical topics necessary to toxicology in one spot , the mistakes are inexcusable . many formula are incorrect as well as text referring to the wrong tables or data . therefore , one begins to lose trust in the information presented . be careful if you use this book 
books neg 566.txt this is a nice book but it does not contain provencal style interiors ! i am not sure how the author came up with that title since anyone who is interested in french country will not find it here . if you are truly looking for provencal decorating ideas-this is not the book for you . confused ! ! 
books neg 784.txt although i am a psych student with a pretty good gpa , i find this book difficult to understand . the difficulty seems to come from the authors ' desire to condense as much information as possible in just a few hundred pages . this leads to a cryptic language , where some terms are defined only once and some sentences become a string of such words , a thing which , personally , frustrated me 
books neg 149.txt the content is excellent . the digital format is largely useless . i bought the digital 5th edition to supplement my paper 4th edition . but , the digital rights management restrictions mean that i ca n't print selected pages to stick in a folder , read on the train , or scribble notes on . i ca n't even cut and paste particularly relevant bits into an electronic ' notes ' file . the onerous digital restrictions are not suitable for an academic book like this one 
books neg 848.txt melrose larry green 's book is full of quotes . quotes and information used to back up points are good things . he appears to have researched by surfing the internet , watching television and legally incorporating the opinions of others . this is all fine and acceptable . the problem with " why the clintons belong in prison " is when the author ( cut and paste expert ) attempts his own narrative , which is sporadic , jumpy and poorly edited . his points are not linear , and show the author 's attention deficit . with a proper literary team , this book could have been something of note but unfortunately it feels like a " hit and run " report and reads like a one-sided sensationalized talk radio program . 
books neg 610.txt the novel , a northern light , by jennifer donnelly , is a very realistic portrayal of the life of a teenage farm girl , bound for a great future . jennifer donnelly relates to mattie gokey , the lead character , in a way that they bother grew up in rural side of new york . donnelly attended the university of rochester before she wrote her three novels and one children 's book . her novels include , the tea rose , the winter rose , a northern light , and a children 's book , humble pie . all of her novels include a very popular romantic theme and her book , a northern light , has also been introduced in europe under the title a gathering light . a northern light reflects a lot on the issues of wealth , education , love , and murder . the combination of those themes makes for a novel that anyone is able to read and relate to . as you read this book , you feel like the main message is the traditional clich of following your dreams no matter how hard they are to achieve . but as you read further , you realize that it 's a lot about hardships , strength and love . on the first page of the book , mattie is imagining a perfect day at the glenmore hotel before she so disappointingly tells herself , " i believe these things . with all my heart . for i am good at telling myself lies " . from this quote , you can see the type of person mattie is , and it gives a foreshadowing to the events that would take place throughout the novel . the events typically consist of let down after let down for mattie and her hopes for her future . this book is written from mattie 's point of view which really helps the reader to get to know her better . it adds a different element to the book that would n't be there if it was n't written from mattie 's point of view . it lets you get inside mattie 's head and feel the emotions that she 's dealing with along with her true thoughts and feeling towards situations . mattie is truly troubled girl who works so hard toward what she wants and yet there is always something holding her back . she 's stuck in a farming town where education is n't as important as having a prosperous farm and a family . as you read this book , you just want to tell mattie that she needs to take her own future into consideration and stop worrying long enough to have some faith . she is a selfless giver who is willing to do anything and everything to keep her family and her farm doing well . she deals with extreme guilt for wanting to leave her father after her mother died . she has to learn that the promise that she made to her mother to always take care of her family includes taking care of herself as well . royal loomis enters mattie 's life at a very unconventional time when mattie 's unsure of what she wants to become and she has to chose between his love and the life she 's always wanted . mattie deals with her teacher , miss wilcox , leaving town . miss wilcox was mattie 's role model who was living the life of an independent poet with a car and a royal lifestyle . the life mattie wants . this book is intended for a female audience because it deals with issues that sometime only a girl could understand . it 's a fairly easy read so it is more for adolescents than adults but not for young children . the issues that it deals with are issues that children may not be able to appreciate as much as teenagers who are about to go to college and leave their families . a northern light is full of valuable lessons , but most of all it 's just a good book to get lost in . 
books neg 917.txt book is totally disorganized . beautiful pictures , but no way of researching values . the price list is in the back organized by lot no & auction no . no reference to the illustration of the marbles in the front of the book , no way to look it up . starts out promising , then becomes a total jumble . totally impossible to locate anything . too time consuming , and then still no resolve 
books neg 744.txt herf applies a very simplistic test to determine the nazification of both germanies : did they side with israel in the middle east version of the cold war or did they not ? the trial against paul merker in the east , which had as its background east germany 's reluctance to pay reparations to expropriated jews , serves as his prime evidence for the continuation of things nazi in the gdr . but both of these arguments completely ignore the marxist ideology underlieing the rationale of the east german leadership and bypass more complicated issues of political allegiance . moreover , they totally eclipse the east german cultural discourse on the holocaust , a discourse that was decades ahead of discussions in the west and still proves to be more sophisticated than most that is being written in western academia . 
books neg 852.txt a useful book that provides a good summary comparing differing accounting standards and approaches between countries . however , it is not worth the price . it is supposedly written for later year undergraduate and masters accounting students . it is more suitable for general second year accounting students . plus , as i am working with a multinational european bank in japan , the book is , rapidly becoming , out of date . there is none of the simply but incisive commentary which can be found in other books about the differences and outcomes of general accounting principals drawn from different countries 
books neg 394.txt definitely not one of his best ! slow slow slow.. . but at least this character had some realistic difficulty learning a foreign language , unlike the hero of " the partner " who learned a little known spanish dialect perfectly by sitting in a hotel room listening to cassette tapes for 2 weeks 
books neg 599.txt i was interested in dante 's thoughts on hell , religion , and the afterlife as taught by the catholic church at the time of its writing . what i got was a detailed political history of medieval italy . this book is great for the first few chapters , but then it becomes a repetitive saga . synopsis of the each chapter of the inferno : go to next layer of hell ; describe in 20 words or less the torture found there ; make fun of some political opponents , catholic church officials , and so forth ; prepare for further descent . in my opinion , this book resides somewhere between the 21st and 22nd layers of hell . canto three pretty much has it right... . ' leave all hope , ye that enter 
books neg 109.txt though the concept of sharing real life problems experienced during pregnancy is a great one , the author is extremely biased toward hospital birth managed by obs . at one point , the author actually defends episiotomies.. . she seems to blindly accept every procedure her physician pushes upon her , and she looks at him as being responcible for the outcome of her birth . it was both infuriating and saddening . if you are looking for a book to make you laugh a little , this is cute . if you are looking for a book that might actually aid or assist you in making informed choices concerning your pregnancy or birth , this is not for you ! 
books neg 27.txt i admit , i have n't finished this book . a friend recommended it to me as i have been having problems with insomnia . i was interested in reading a book about women 's health issues and this one sounded intriguing until she started in with her tarot cards , interest in astrology and angels . granted , i am not a firm believer in just " the hard facts " but its really hard to believe anything this woman writes after it is clear that common sense is n't alternative enough for her ! 
books neg 835.txt do you feel different from people around you ? do they resent your ingenuity ? have you been kept from achieving your full potential by tradition-bound brutes who live only for base needs ? do you long for the company of others like yourself , who , tragically but inevitably , are biologically destined to wipe these shorter , darker subhumans from the face of the earth ? congratulations ! you are either in the aryan nations or the clan of the cave bear fan club , possibly both ! ( i exaggerate - you could be a nineteenth century english settler in australia , or a boer in south africa , or maybe you just like larry niven , but that 's beside the point ) i can forgive auel for the historical inaccuracies in the book . in the late 1970 's when she did her research , we did n't have the genomic tools to reconstruct the lives of neanderthals , and even now enough controversy persists to keep the discussion page lively over at wikipedia . ultimately we 'll never know for sure what the paleolithic was like , and auel 's is if nothing else a vivacious fictional suggestion . similarly , her bloated , almost puffy writing style is excusable in a first-time author , though one wonders what parasite infected her editor . i have n't read her more recent works , but i imagine she has probably improved . even with the pendulous sentences clan is not unreadable . what infuriates me is the casually racist subtext of the story , nowhere critiqued or even acknowledged . the story reads like a near-literal historicization of helena blavatsky 's secret doctrine on the fall of the " aryans " - who interbred with " subhumans " introducing the world to , oh i dunno , domination by the unworthy , blind tradition , suppression of the individual , all the hallmarks of the book 's neanderthal culture . of course , even in this the blond-haired blue-eyed ayla is innocent , overpowered by a brutish thug . against this master narrative , all the admittedly interesting side notes about plant-based medicine and flintknapping make no impression . i would recommend anyone interested in paleontology take a trip to a museum or cruise the internet , and give auel 's books a wide berth . also ? enough rape scenes already 
books neg 76.txt just wanted to quickly say i have n't finished it yet , i am only on page 20 but already this book seems very overrated . the author dives straight in talking about going beyond the five senses to achieve spiritual consciousness , but this is nothing new and we are not even given any background on how the author developed his views . instead , he strides arrogantly forward as though he is the ultimate , conclusive authority on spirituality , and it 's very aloof and , actually , not an enlightened approach at all ! i 've just started the chapter on karma and it 's really starting to smell like just another mish mash of other people 's opinions clothed as quasi-originality . it looks like i 'm going to continue reading with a very cautious , vetting attitude toward the text . the fact that this was a bestseller only serves to show how genuinely interested people are to develop their spiritual consciousness - and how easily authors such as zukav can cash in on their hopes and fears . hey , that 's the material world for you ! 
books neg 39.txt first of all , i did not exactly ' read ' this biography . instead i purchased the cd version which i distilled via my car sound system every morning on my way to work ( i have enjoyed countless biographies of great american figures this way , and still been able to read many more technology related books ) . i had great expectations from this book , having recently enjoyed three biographies of lincoln . i have to confess that i was sorely disapointed . i found the research of mr mccullough to lack the kind of details that i have enjoyed in biographies from walter isaacson , richard carwardine , or doris goodwin . i do not seek a beautiful story in a biography , but rather a reliable source of facts that i can use to form my own opinion of a character . in this context , i find mr mccullough 's use of superlatives or long emotionally charged sentences to be a distraction from the subject matter of john adams and his contribution to america . i also enjoy direct quotes from letters , speaches , autobiographies , as they help me refine my impressions of the context ( the period , the relationships to contemporary characters , ... ) surounding a promonent figure . usage of the english language in politics has dramatically evolved since mr adams ' time , and i missed ' hearing ' the voice of john adams . instead , this biography felt like reading a translation where the personality of the translator overshadows the personality of the original author . finally , having read other biographies of the founding fathers , i was disapointed to find so little about the complex relationship between adams and franklin . all in all , my lasting impression is that mr mccullough did a great job at bringing john adams and the early american revolution to the masses through a very appealling product that may however leave readers asking for more historical details and less emotional opinions . had i known that , i might have passed on this biography and instead explore mr mccullough 's fictional work 
books neg 426.txt it starts out like laura bush 's rules for driving , but skydives after the opening pages , in which the then 17-year-old laura kills a young man with her car , who just coincidentally happens to be her boyfriend ! my interest in the book sharply dove after that , as it appears that coincidental killing is the most appealing thing about laura bush 
books neg 976.txt i did a fast skimming through this book and noticed that for an essential monster movie guide , it certainly does n't praise or hype the genre that well . this book comes across like it was written by an elitist who 's too good for horror . nearly every movie / special gets a low rating and i ca n't understand why a book like this that could 've been a good companion to the horror fan would be so anti-horror as a whole . horror fans , in general , want to be be entertained and or scared...i for one do n't want logical stories and things that make sense if it detracts from the entertainment factor because typically what makes sense and uses logic in horror is boring . it gets 2 stars from me because it offers a diverse selection of films and includes mini biographies of horror legends like vincent price , christopher lee , peter cushing , lon chaney , boris karloff , etc. but for a horror movie book , the writers certainly did n't help their genre by bad-mouthing it so much in this book 
books neg 896.txt poorly written and not edited . it will confuse you more that help you 
books neg 614.txt 18 jun 2005 as the book progressed , it got more and more egoistic , to the point where it becomes a turn-off towards the end of the book . i am surprised that there was so little mentioned of hakeem . shaq 's attitude seems to be that since he can score , he does not respect centers who ca n't score . whereas he respect bill russell . but he does give kobe his fair share of spotlight . the other book i read was an unabashed hype of shaq , so this is a big improvement . 
books neg 621.txt this book is best used for viewing its selection of master drawings many of which are superb . however , its written text is filled with multitudes of factual errors and pseudo-intellectualizations . it should be noted that this book was not written by hale ; it was written by one of his students and lacks the quality of hale 's classic , " drawing lessons from the great masters . " instead , this book loses itself in unimportant , erroneous anatomical minutia which will baffle , confuse , frustrate and ultimatly demoralize the motivated reader . it greatly misses the mark in both clarity and presentation of important anatomical theory 
books neg 401.txt i have 50 pages to go and i ca n't wait to finish this boring waste of time . very predictable , sappy , sweet and quite meaningless . i give it a minus 1 
books neg 75.txt i loved the earlier nevada barr mysteries , with their depiction of national parks and natural dangers . i was n't as happy with some of her latest efforts , but still had n't given up on her . now i 'm not so sure . this latest novel started off well enough although the idea of two severely traumatized girls should have been a clue as to what would follow . the idea that they were from a polygamous mormon sect was a red herring . perhaps it was barr 's attempt to show us how these girls were abused even before they met evil incarnate . the scenes where anna realizes who the real villian is and her interaction with him and the poor tortured third traumatized girl went on for over 60 pages . each scene was more disturbing the one before it . i found myself skimming the pages and still am not sure how she resolved all the loose ends . but i have absolutely no desire to re-read the end of the book and find out . i wish i could say that i would read another nevada barr novel because i so thoroughly enjoyed the first ones . but after reading this disturbing , somewhat convoluted story , i would think twice . if i did pick up another anna pigeon novel , i 'd make sure i had something else to read if the story took another dark turn . i would certainly not stick with it to the end . 
books neg 763.txt if you like redon for his vibrant color , look for another book . dream symbolism and spirituality that inspired redon 's imagery are the main topics of this book . most of the many examples are black and white drawings . however , the real magic of redon is his use of color in his mature works . this was not adequately represented . 
books neg 725.txt i bought this book and also last night based upon the gushing reviews you see above . who are they kidding ? the main character is a cad . it is far from " a tour de force " in erotic anything . his short stories in last night are only marginally better . your time is better spent with other authors 
books neg 706.txt i was quite disappointed by this book , i was expecting something with more professional level content . it 's all very amateur however , the artwork used in the examples is sub-professional at best . i was hoping that the book would deal with some of the specific pre-press issues relating to comics artwork , but the chapter there was frustratingly slight . you would be much better to buy a a more general pre-press book . the quality of the packaging and printing were also quite poor for a book that cost this much 
books neg 582.txt phil jackson groupie and sometime espn.com writer charley rosen turns in a fun , but sometimes off-putting fictionalized account of minor league basketball life . he develops the characters well and puts forth a decent plot . however , rosen 's personal oddities drag the book down . rosen is absolutely obsessed with bodily functions and he repeatedly goes into way too much detail about farting , urination , defacation , etc. at times , the book reads like an immature third grader 's delight . my roommates and i all read it and the general consensus was that the book was enjoyable , but charley rosen is a really weird guy 
books neg 112.txt i had never read any of vernor vinges books before , but i had heard he was an excellent author , so i thought i would try this . boy , am i glad i bought it used on amazon for about only $4. i simply had no idea what was going on in this novel . the plot is unintelligible . i dont know what the bioweapon the jacket refers to is ? i dont know what " the rabbit " is . i see that numerous other reviews here , did not know what was going on either . i do not understand how someone could write so incoherently . the concept of someone who had alzheimers getting cured & entering a future society is great - but it never goes anywhere . the only reason i did not fall asleep , was that i was trying to figure out what was going on , but i did could not even finish this book 
books neg 410.txt i enjoy reading books of trivia and fun facts , but i did n't even make it through the first chapter before i put this book down in disgust . almost every entry had to do with sex or male endowments . as i was flipping through the book , i found x-rated pictures and drawings that i would hate to have to explain to my children if they were to pick up this book . i never would have bought this book if i had seen it in a bookstore , and i regret throwing it in the trash before i could see if i could get my money back 
books neg 358.txt i have yet to read a true grisham thriller , but i plan to in the near future . having said that , i have no idea how this compares , but i did n't really care for it . it 's cute and has a sort of slapstick humor that i could n't get into . i felt like i was reading a teen or children 's book , and i do n't like feeling so patronized when i read unless i knowingly pick up a picture book ready for the simplicity of a good message- -even then , i do n't usually feel patronized or " written down to " . it 's simple writing and a simple plot . it 's lighthearted and thus a light read . i imagine many people would enjoy it ; i just could n't get into it . :o 
books neg 588.txt this book devotes from 4 to 9 pages to every american president . each individual section includes a brief summary of the president 's successes and failures while in office . the " secrets lives " aspect includes a description of his temperament , character and personal habits . for example , john adams is said to have been vain and irritable , while frankin pierce is depicted as an alcoholic . also much oddball trivia is mentioned , such as that george washington had dentures made of hippo bone rather wood . the biographical information is at least somewhat educational , especially on the lesser known presidents such as millard fillmore and zachary taylor . but most people who study history will already known much of what is written here . the truth is that o'brien is not an actual presidential historian with scholarly credentials . but rather a freelance writer who apparently just read a few books , such as " the reader 's companion to the american presidency , " and then gathered together the bits he thought would be the most scandalous and entertaining . also o'brien provides no original research and some of what he reports as being factual is still subject to debate among scholars . however , what i found most disturbing about this book is o'brien 's tone and attitude . his so-called " humorous style " is basically a series of lame wisecracks and insults directed against the various presidents , especially those he dislikes . for example , he jokingly suggests that andrew jackson had " some unknown frontal lobe damage " . i have no problem challenging the policy decisions of a particular president . in fact , i disagree with much of jackson 's presidential agenda , especially his bigoted policies directed against american indians . however , i also think it is possible to have political disagreements without resorting to the sort of cheapshots that o ' brien uses . overall , i found the book to be juvenile , mean-spirited and overly negative . there are many better researched and well written books on presidential history out there . so do n't waste your time on this one . 
books neg 968.txt i saw the tv show made , so i wanted to check out the full story . it was a disappointment , but my wife loved it . so there you are one against , one for it 
books neg 151.txt i purchased this book based on the mostly glowing reviews from other reviewers and i am very disappointed . the arabic fonts used are so small that , at times , it is actually quite difficult to make out the letters . definitely , not a book for people who are new to the language 
books neg 528.txt a little about golf and ' inside the pga tour' ... plenty of gratuitous language ' n ornery texans.. . mostly about dan jenkins ' views on relationships with women.. . forced a couple laughs 
books neg 527.txt i have always been a prolific reader and rarely do i come across a book for which i can find no value , no redeeming qualities . but i must extend a hearty congratulations to julia barrett for writing the most astounding piece of horse excrement i have ever had the misfourtune to purchace . teachiing my cat to walk repeatedly over my keyboard would produce a work of more sense . if you are like me and just have to read it - just because you 're obsessed with austen - buy it used for 45 cents and then burn it 
books neg 483.txt i enjoy reading sports fiction with my 10 year old son . the descriptions of this book suggested it addressed important themes which transcended basketball . however , as i read the book , i found the treatment of those themes quite superficial . in addition the book was bawdy . while it may accurately reflect locker room mentality , many readers may not find that mentality entertaining . it is not an appropriate book for children 
books neg 389.txt " the other boleyn girl " and " the queen 's fool " are two of the best books i 've ever read- -and i 've read a lot of books , especially about this period , which especially fascinates me . they were gripping to the end , and my involvement with the characters was complete- -true masterpieces . so whenever a new book by philippa gregory comes out , i buy it , hoping to have the same experience , and lately have been sorely disappointed . " the virgin 's lover " fell flat , and now i am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged , must give it up . one reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly- -that is always an easy guess , however it depends on the writer . anthony trollope , for instance , was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed . that may or may not be the case with gregory . i know , as a writer myself , that there are times when the work flows out , feeling almost as if it 's channeled from another source , and times when it 's harder , more mechanical . the more challenging situations are those when i 'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject . so to me , neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse . they feel forced , constructed . i 'm going back to trollope 
books neg 34.txt one of the blurbs i read on the book jacket compared this book to into thin air and the perfect storm . no way ! . those two books were edge-of-your-seat reading experiences . this account of a kayaking expedition is just plain boring . the action does n't start until about halfway or more into the book and even then , the cliched writing and deification of balf 's subjects make this book very hard to get through . unless you are a serious kayaking fan , i would not recommend this book 
books neg 479.txt for years , i had heard the akashic records being touted as the unwritten spiritual book of life , that included every event , every living soul who had ever taken a breath from the beginning of time through eternity . the subject was beyond fascinating , as my limited mortal mind could not grasp the enormity of such a body of knowledge " existing " . however , i took it on absolute faith that this was so and recently endeavored to find the quintessential book on the subject . knowing of mr. cayce 's tremendous psychic following , i assumed this book would enlighten me and others . i excitedly bought a new copy for myself and sent another to a friend . after trudging through the first 68 pages , i felt lost and befuddled . the writing and text are difficult to follow and not at all in " layperson 's " language . perhaps this book is meant for an experienced psychic mind and intellect , one who understands the language and is willing to muddle through the long-winded case histories to discover meaning and relevance . my friend confessed she had read a mere chapter or two , then set it aside . pie dumas author & life coach 
books neg 804.txt wow ! i read all these great reviews and thought this would be a great book . luckily , i got it out of the library & did n't buy it . i liked it at first , but then the situations got more & more implausible . then i was reading it just to laugh at it . some of the sentences in the book were completely ridiculous too . if i had the book here at work with me , maybe i could quote a couple descriptions that just had me rolling my eyes . not a well written book at all in my humble opinion . glad the rest of you enjoyed it anyway 
books neg 778.txt i can see how instructors would be enthusiastic about this book , but unfortunately it will in no way help the student develop their ear training . here 's the problem . the book and cd basically outlines a method of ear training , it is not ear training itself . for example , for each step of the book there is one and only one example on the cd . it is just that , an example , not a training . so , there is one 14 note " lesson " on intervals and from this you are supposed to magically learn how to identify all the major intervals . i do n't think so . however , if you were an instructor then you could use that example as a starting point to develop your own lessons and work with students in recognizing intervals . you could spend a month on variations of that lesson itself since that 's the core of ear training . in fact , if you 're an instructor you can use the whole book as a blueprint for a year long curriculum from recognizing intervals to recognizing chords . by the way , the cd itself mostly uses really dull organ patches . the idea may have been to eliminate timbre as a distraction . however , since one of the goals of ear training is to distinguish timbre from tone , this is another example of how this book / cd in itself wo n't be of much use to students . 
books neg 811.txt i first read this book back in the mid-80s after watching the miniseries starring gary cole as dr. jeffrey macdonald . the miniseries absolutely riveted me , as did this book . but upon repeated readings , i began to pick up inaccuracies and errors . i found that the book , rather than answering questions about this case , caused me to question more and more . joe mcginniss , while never a stellar writer to begin with , was eventually exposed as the worst kind of writer , twisting facts and quotes to serve his own purpose , which was to sell his theory and therefore , his book . i have nothing against mr. mcginniss forming his own opinion as to dr. macdonald 's guilt or innocence , but to omit certain facts and blatantly lie about others and misquote principals and research in order to further your own propaganda is sickening . if you want joe mcginniss ' theory on how and why the murders happened , with no regard to the cold hard facts and legal evidence , pick this book up . if you want to read about the case , with all the facts in place both supporting and questioning dr. macdonald , do as other reviewers have suggested and read " fatal justice " , a far more in-depth review of the case and evidence and form your own opinion . 
books neg 482.txt i was hoping the book would be good . most reviews are . however the topics are not really covered at all , more introduced . it was like talking to a drunk bloke about sports , most points are important and relevant but its presented in a way that makes it confusing . they openly admit they dont want the book to be rated on the quality of the english . just as well , long rambling thaughts that do n't form conclusions . not what i wanted or needed . it actually manages to take the fun out of reading and texas holdem all in one go 
books neg 914.txt cryptic and confusing muddle of mush . if this is the " new style " of writing , we are in trouble folks . 
books neg 477.txt this book bears litthe relevance to the ' original ' fourth edition book of the same name . there is no coordination with the text . most of the concepts are explained in terms of economics not computer science , i have to wonder if the whole idea is a gross mistake or a scam . i feel cheated 
books neg 220.txt if you liked whyte 's previous sophomoric efforts , you 'll love this . in addition to being the same dumb , hackneyed story lines and stock characters we are used to from the previous books , this one has the additional feeling of being pure filler : in no real way does the story get advanced . arthur begins as a baby , and ends as a small boy . there are adventures , but nothing important happens . as usual , in whyte 's books , the bad guys are left alive so they can sneak up and do new evil , and as usual the bad guys are pure plot devices and in no way characters . with all the ( totally ahistorical ) democratic rhetoric , merlin 's brother shows up out of nowhere and they immediately hand him half the power in camelot . anyone who would read this , i guess , has already read the previous lame offerings in this series and does n't object to laughably boring plots which rely heavily on coincidence , caricatures who never grow or change , and historical detail that sounds like it comes from a museum brochure rather than any real scholarship . so go for it . but please , if you want something exciting that will also make you think , look at the really good arthurian efforts out there- -gillian brandshaw , a.a. attanasio , or barbara taylor bradford to name just a very few. . 
books neg 174.txt this is a nearly verbatim rendition of the grimms ' story , and it 's hard to understand why zelinsky would use his talent to illustrate it for children . even harder to figure out is how the american library association could award its caldecott medal for distinguished american picture book for children to any rendition of this dreadful tale : the king threatens to kill the miller 's daughter if she ca n't spin gold from straw . rumpelstiltskin saves her life by spinning gold for her , but extracts a necklace , a ring and , on the third night of spinning , a promise of her firstborn . she then marries the king , whom zelinsky depicts as young and handsome . when it comes time for the queen to hand over her newborn , rumpel agrees to relent if the queen can discover his name . she sends a servant to follow him into the woods and discover the name . so the king , though he looks good , is greedy and brutal . the queen is a victim who agrees to give over a future infant to save her own life , and then depends on an anonymous , unrecognized " servant girl " to save the child . and rumpelstiltskin , shown as physically unattractive and ( the message seems to be ) therefore bad , is the one who saved the future queen from execution and then relents on the payment he bargained for . a weird , twisted story that offers nothing for kids , illustrated with renaissance-style pictures that accentuate the perversity by making the bad guy look good and the guy who saved the damsel in distress look bad 
books neg 585.txt this book is yet another attempt at degrading the white race . there is nothing wrong with being white , just like there is nothing wrong with being black . if you want to hear someones idea on whats wrong with being white instead of looking at the facts then you should read this book 
books neg 412.txt i 'm the sort of guy who has a bit of trouble adapting to normal life . i 'm still bemused and puzzled the mechanics of toilet-flushing . my wife ( may she rest in peace ) bought me this book as an anniversary present last month before she was tragically torn apart by a rabid pack of alligators at a wyoming nature preserve . anyway , life moves on . much to my disappointment this book did not teach me everything i should know how to do . " but fred , " you might be saying ( and i 'll be saying " fred is n't my name , idiot ! " ) , " how do you know what you should know if you do n't know what it is to begin with ? " ah , well , let me explain . see , if tchikavoslky taught me one thought , it was this : i know nothing . so it is with this deep insight into my own mind that i came up with the following things i should know , based on what i currently do not know : 1. how to start a hurricane . this is very important . 2. how to kill a man with a toothpick . what if you met a hitman at a fancy restaurant and found out your were his next victim ? scary . 3. how to run a nuclear powerplant with a one-man army . i do n't want to be the next homer simpson ! 4. how to raise children . i 've raised ten and still have n't figured out what a diaper is . 5. what a diaper is . i do n't know , my wife used to talk about them a lot . 6. how to drive . sure , technically we 're supposed to learn how before we get our driver 's licenses , but like many people , i just got a fake one when i was 12 and have been driving since then . i 've been in over three hundred vehicular accidents and been charged with five counts of manslaughter , so i figured it might be good to learn how to drive . 7. how to stalk a celebrity . you just never know . 8. how to put on underwear without leaving stain marks . you fellas know what i 'm saying ! 9. how to make coffee . people ask me to all the time , and because i do n't know how , i just take some warm water and pour mud in . thankfully no one 's noticed my inadequacies yet , but i 'm sure soon enough they will , after another person dies of food poisoning and internal infection . 10. how to kill yourself . i do n't want the aliens to get anything out of me when i 'm taken hostage . i saw it in that tom cruise movie , and it was sure scary ! so with these things in mind , i 'm severely disappointed by this book , and feel it is mis-marketed and stupid . please , barbet schroeder ( or whoever the author was ) , write a better book next time 
books neg 758.txt this book is similar to going to a poor movie sequel . there is nothing new and it bores you with percentages . the title and cover are the best aspects of the book - once you open it and begin reading , it quickly goes downhill . save your money - i wish i had 
books neg 77.txt what a disjointed mess , talk about cashing in on fame . all he did here was take a bunch of columns he wrote in the paper and called it a book . i could have done better with the letter to the editor section of the paper . i was not that enamored with liar 's poker and this book has done it for me with this author . it was just that the articles were not that relevant any more and his writing is not that good 
books neg 80.txt " the end of democracy " ( 2003 ) is the best answer to this theory 
books neg 187.txt i did n't like the only other dean koontz book i 've ever read , watchers , but i enjoy reading kevin anderson 's stuff so i thought i 'd give koontz another try because i 'm a reasonable person and i understand that not everyone can like everything by an author . on to the review : i realize that this book was initially meant to be a screenplay but i think the authors would have been wise to rewrite it instead of just tweaking it a little when the movie deal fell through . the dialog is mind-numbing and predictable . every time there was a car scene i could guess what kind of conversation would be held . " you drive too fast ! " " are you my mother ? " over and over and over . the idea was good . a modern-day frankenstein . . . or rather a frankenstein that had never died and had made it to present day ( yes , i know , frankenstein was the doctor , not his monster . but you get what i 'm saying . ) . but the dialog read exactly like a movie script would , or like a play . this book had so much potential but the authors ' laziness in not rewriting the entire thing after the movie was n't made cost it dearly 
books neg 205.txt if you are looking for a " feel good " book about baby boomer retirement , this book may have some value for you . but if you are looking for specific in-depth how-to , this book is n't the answer . each segment-work , dreams , travel-is short and does n't address many relevant issues . for example , regarding the work chapter , the author postulates that there will be a work shortage and companies will hire baby boomers to fill the gap . well , that is speculative with globalism . those jobs may be outsourced . most are low paying . many of my highly qualified friends are unable to find jobs despite retraining . yes , there may be wal-mart jobs but is this your retirement dream ? the work chapter sounds a lot like most " do what you love " books . but doing what you love is often best as a hobby not to furnish needed income . these and other issues facing boomers who want meaningful work into their 70s are not addressed . i could pick apart other chapters in the same manner 
books neg 654.txt one at the front : the really own words of the master are excellent . one must make sure that only 43 sides of the only 7 x 5 inch small book are interviews with bruce lee . the rest consists of interviews with the former interviewers . however , as a paperback this book costs not really a fortune . but the words of the master are absolutely worth-while , as already mentioned at the beginning 
books neg 984.txt i typically do not read stories like this , but a neighbor had lent it to me and i figured i 'd check it out . the plot is n't bad , but the dialogue is another story . the writing was so unbelievably awful that i had to fight myself to finish it . phrases like " god damn , oh god , etc.. . " were repeated over and over again . i got really sick hearing about tess 's cute freckles and jimmy 's movie star looks / sex drive . the majority of the story line between tess and jimmy has them arguing over a one night stand . it was 300 + pages of pretty bad writing . i 'd strongly recommend taking a pass on this book . not worth your time unless you are looking to take a mini-break from harlequin romances.. . 
books neg 526.txt i was optimistic when i saw the title , but you know that old saying , " do n't judge a book by its cover . " the author has a few legitimate ideas , but any google search could come up with the same information in greater depth and better accuracy . she condemns saving animals from shelters and actually encourages people to breed animals to increase the pet population . she is no more a pet lover than i am a supermodel . her ideas are based solely on money . even if it encourages starting a puppy mill ( euphemistically referred to as a dog breeder ) . early in her book she mentions the titles of a few other books she recommends ( i have chosen not to seek them out ) , but she says do n't spend your money on them , just go to the library and check them out . if you insist on reading this book i give you the same advice . do not buy this book- -check it out from your local library ! then do google searches to get more in-depth , accurate information about any of the four decent ideas she did have , or come back to amazon.com and find a more specific book that can actually be of use . oh , and by the way , the world is already overpopulated with unwanted pets . encouraging people to add to the problem is morally reprehensible 
books neg 552.txt i have read 3 books of ann in last 3-4 months and no doubt loved it , but not sure if i am reading same info in different books with different titles from her . i guess i am not buying this title and anymore of her unless it has way different contents.. . 
books neg 280.txt sometimes a reader knows more about a narrow subject than the author . when the author is in error about that subject , the reader may question the accuracy of the descriptions in the rest of the book . such is the case here . i 've written 123 books ; several on parachutes and skydiving . i am a pilot , skydiver and parachute rigger ; i know the sport and the industry . the author wrote : " we use flat chutes as parasails . " what is " flat " ? square ? rectangular ? ram-air ? a " parasail " is a kite and is usually under tow behind a boat . this sentence does not make any sense . " four miles up , he pulled " . that would be 21 , 120 feet . the use of oxygen is not mentioned . " ferocious , out of control spiral . one of the cells collapsed . " the collapse of a single cell will not cause a fast turn and the cell is easily re-inflated . " corkscrewing caused the other cells to collapse . " not likely . " guide lines " an uncommon reference . they are referred to as control lines or toggles . he jettisoned the main canopy at 15 , 000 feet . he freefell ten seconds and opened his reserve at 12 , 700 feet . the rest of the team on this haho jump would still be at 18 , 000 feet . " five minutes later . " he would be at about 8 , 000 feet . " he estimated he had about 15 minutes of glide remaining . " more like eight minutes . " he was so relaxed , he was startled to hear canopies fluttering all around him and the sound of men splashing down just under him . " how did they all beat him to the landing area ? they were 5 , 000 feet above him . fiction writers have a responsibility to make their descriptions accurate . when a reader finds obvious discrepancies in one area , it makes him or her wonder if the rest of the book is accurate . and , the writing is not creative . dan poynter the parachute manual & the skydiver 's handbook . danpoynter@parapublishing.com . 
books neg 164.txt after reading the delightful charlie and the chocolate factory , this sequel was an absolute let-down . the novel begins with the great glass elevator breaking through the ceiling of charlie 's ( formerly wonka 's ) chocolate factory and rocketing into orbit around the earth . while beyond the reaches of earth 's atmosphere , our heroes- --charlie , grandpa joe , and mr. wonka- --must deal with the malleable and voracious vermicious knids ( pronounced " k'nids " ) , aliens which resemble unfrighteningly hostile figs or turds with eyes . far worse than these beasties , though , are the insufferable old folks whose twenty-year stint in their shared bed has made them less than useless . charlie , joe , and wonka , with no help from charlie 's folks or other grandparents , save themselves and a us spacecraft from the clutches of the knids and return to the chocolate factory , where the old timers stupidly overdose on youth pills , returning them to infancy or beyond . charlie and wonka race around trying to help these ancient parasites , who respond to this assistance with the thanklessness the reader comes to expect from these oldsters . at the end of the novel , the geriatric brigade finally leaves the bed when they have a chance to meet the president . in short , these three are the most tedious , spiteful , unredeemable characters i 've come across in children 's literature and i hoped that they would be eaten by the knids or the gnoolies or even the oompa-loompas as i read this book . as it is , they ( unlike the awful kids in the chocolate factory ) learn no lessons and persist in their curmudgeonly parasitism from the first page to the last . their presence throughout the novel rendered it a chore , rather than a joy , to read . 
books neg 183.txt i did not find this book very helpful . there is an entire chapter dedicated to which expensive pots are the best to & quot ; invest&quot ; in ( it seems the pricier the better , and i mean several hundred dollars , i actually went to stores and priced the recommended brands ) and what kind of fancy kitchen gadgets are needed to create gourmet meals . i am not a professional chef , just a simple housewife that enjoys preparing simple , good-tasting meals for my family , the recipes here seem to be time-consuming and complicated . not much money to be saved here 
books neg 605.txt this is not a good study guide for an employment law class . too basic and general . this may be good for a business owner wanting basic info about hiring / firing etc , but they would definitely still need to seek the advice of an attorney 
books neg 252.txt this book is written from the viewpoint of a flaming socialist with the attitude that anything white or european or is overly valued in american history textbooks . loewen does have many valid points about what history textbooks omit , but the degree to which he is clearly slanted to the left is ludicrous . " lies my teacher told me " could have been an amazing book , but all it did was aggrivate me and motivate me to write a 23 page paper debunking half of what the author wrote , much to the dismay of my idiotic sociology professor . the only reason i did n't give the book 1 star is because the overall intent and effort put forth were good , but the book as a whole is just far too biased 
books neg 381.txt i am an avid reader and could not make it through this book . his other books were so good . i could not have predicted what a disapointment this book would turn out to be . in applying some of the recommended techniques , my 11 year old daughter , emily , thought i lost my mind . thank goodness things are back to normal . we are both much healthier having now dispensed with the advice 
books neg 198.txt i picked up this volume because its title suggested that it would encourage hands-on science activities that are essential to good teaching and effective learning . unfortunately , i discovered on reading it that the author combines a deep antagonism for the scientific & quot ; establishment&quot ; with credulity for numerous fringe ideas . the first experiment that he suggests tests the hypothesis that your pet uses psychic powers to tell when you 'll be home for dinner ! sheldrake frequently presents anecdotes as & quot ; evidence&quot ; . the & quot ; do it yourself&quot ; promise of the title is broken for the reader who does n't intend to begin raising homing pidgeons or does n't happen to work in a laboratory capable of measuring the physical constants ( such as the speed of light ) to nine significant figures . far too few cautions about the pitfalls of psychic research are given ( in chapters about the feeling of being stared at , or & quot ; feeling&quot ; the touch of a severed limb ) . despite the nearly fatal flaws of the book , i liked a part of its message , that important science can still be done by amateurs . that 's about the only aspect of this book that is commendable 
books neg 793.txt if you want the why and the wherefore ... stay away . informative to general audiences , it provides little scientific support for its contention . with the wealth of information out there , this was not the critical review needed , nor was it terribly informative about any particular statin-caused effect 
books neg 618.txt i must have missed something about this book . i ca n't believe that minority report and total recall , two movies that i did enjoy , came from this author . the stories seem to be missing something . perhaps , this version should not have been the first works by this author for me to have read 
books neg 774.txt the book reads like a shallow , way too long magasine article . the shop seems to specialize in self help books , so there 's hardly a literary feel to it . the style too is annoying . for example , she writes that " her dad was n't big on books " . i would have expected a slightly " bigger " vocabulary then that 
books neg 425.txt cruel , horrible story with a typical barr convoluted plot . the abuse of children , evil ranger poising as a dead ranger , freaky religious sect , dead animals on the bed , and lost children were all too disturbing and disgusting to me . i 've read many barr books , and my biggest complaint up until now has been that sometimes there are so many characters , it 's hard to keep them straight . in this book , that was the last of my worries . i did n't even finish it , i was so turned off 
books neg 68.txt another parasite feeding off the leavings of much more substantial species . or perhaps a more apt ocean-related metaphor would be comparing malkin 's " work " to that of the brainless bivalves that cluster around sewer outflows , or the mindless jellyfish who flow with the ocean currents . but like the ocean , neo-cons ' writings should be taken with more than a grain of salt . by the way , the reviewer below who wants someone named mccracken reported to amazon . i 'm sure you can take it . instead , why do n't you campaign for a zero-star feature for reviews . or perhaps a fact-checking service for publishers of political vitriol like this work of fiction . i sure hope no public money has been spent on stuff like this 
books neg 320.txt while it 's certainly true that there will always be a gulf between reality and words , communication between reader and writer is nonetheless very real and potentially profound , thanks in no small part to empathy and the imagination . deconstructionism , by denying presence and instead proposing unlimited differences between signs , dismisses any connection between readers and writers and turns language into a hermetic system separated from the outside world which is , of course , inhabited by people who read and people who write . this is exactly what makes deconstructionism so empty and hypocritical : it rejects traditional metaphysics while adopting a pseudo-mystical position which regards language as some unstable and solipsistic alien creature independent of everything and everyone 
books neg 913.txt let 's make this clear.. . i wo n't put any more effort into writing this review than the author spent on the book itself . so this is going to be short and sweet ! this book is a glorified magazine . worth $14.95 - tops . the pitfalls of bookbuying online , i guess . you never know what you are going to get . anyways , most the book comprises photographs that actually discourage me from bothering with infrared . the text portion , however brief , is nothing more than a bland introduction to infrared . the uninitiated might even be led to believe that kodak and konica are the only game in town in infrared films . throughout the book the author treats these two as the & quot ; coke and pepsi&quot ; of infrared films . i 'm going to look elsewhere for a good source of info on this subject and suggest you do the same 
books neg 326.txt i am an avid fan of true crime books and this is by far the most one-sided book i 've ever read . it was n't about the crimes , it was about this author 's personal feelings and dislike of aileen wuornos . he has a real problem with women , lesbians in particular . he made ms. wuornos out to be someone she wasn't . she had a hard life , yes and chose to committ crimes , but that was n't what this book was about . again , it was n't worth the $. i actually threw my copy of this away 
books neg 779.txt i am extremely dissapointed with this new edition of the text and have one advise only : if you own 2nd ed. , do not indulge in this new edition for even the errors ( spellings for one ) are xeroxed onto the new edition . therefore , for a review of the text itself , you may , without any compunction , refer to 2nd ed. 's comments , of which there are many 
books neg 901.txt i 'm a zone diet believer - but this book is a serious letdown . two major problems with this worthless book : 1. almost all of the recipes involve *far* too much preparation - the title is *very* misleading . 2. i find it hard to believe that anyone actually prepared these recipes , and thought they were *good* ! most of the meals are horrible due to the *huge* proportion of vegetables . i mean , an omelet with over 3 cups of asparagus ? ? 
books neg 749.txt talk about self-absorbed...i guess the ego and the love of self this man displays are essential to success in business...i thought the man made some good points , but few are helpful to anyone in the real world ( or outside the newspaper business ) . nausea sets in after the second chapter . neuharth will die an old , lonely , rich man . respected by many , hated by nearly all . luckily , i did n't have to sit through this entire book . i put it down quickly 
books neg 429.txt the plot of this book was interesting , and it could have been a good book . unfortunately , it wasn't . the main problem for me was that the hero is dispicable , and the heroine has absolutely no self esteem ! even many of the the secondary characters are weak , miserable people ! the story starts when the hero finds himself drawn to the heroine even though he considers her a " dirty little nobody " . once she gets a makeover and is actually beautiful , he begins pressuring her to become his mistress even though she is an innocent marriageable female by regency standards . because she is the daughter of a " cit " , he ca n't imagine why she has any reservations about the deal . he says charming things to her like " how much do you think your virginity is worth anyway " . now that 's romance ! meanwhile , even though she is unbelievably insulted by the hero many times , she finds herself drawn to him too . for me their relationship was sort of like an abuser and his victim . she never stood up for herself , and you felt sorry for her . of course the plot twist involves a mystery about her parentage.. . only its not really a mystery because almost everyone knows the hero is a dukes granddaughter , including her . in fact just about the only one who does n't know is the hero , which provides the dilemma . he would of course be willing to marry her if only he knew she really was n't a nobody ! will anyone tell him ? will he wise up and offer to marry her even though she is n't good enough for him ? will she give in to her desires and become his mistress since he does n't think she is good enough for him to marry ? of course it all works out , and he actually proposes to before he finds out she actually is good enough for him . ugh ! ! ! this could have been a good book if the " mystery " had been handled better , and the characters were written differently . as is , it is a sad regency tale 
books neg 833.txt the book appears to give comprehensive coverage in terms of the number and type of entries included . however , on the atkins diet , the important measure to monitor is the & quot ; active&quot ; carbohydrate mass which may metabolised and which excludes roughage or fiber . the inclusion of such a measure in the book would greatly enhance its value and utility 
books neg 540.txt had long looked forward to finally reading this " acclaimed " novel . there are brilliant and imaginative highlights in the book , although finding those bits is like looking for light in a black hole , a lot of work for very little result . i truly believe this is a book that would be more interesting if one increased their medication level way past the recommended daily dosage . mark 
books neg 809.txt i only glanced through this book , yet my first impression is that it is a hodge podge of unrelated research without any attempt to analyze or comment on the results or even the quality of the research conducted or of the tools applied . i can , however , write about one of the editors , mike shaw , who made no attempt whatsoever to ' find the evidence ' when assessing us as parents . he works as a consultant child psychiatrist in london , england and seems to specialise in offering his services as an ' expert witness ' and trainer in the legal aspects of applying medical recommendations under the mental health act. we had our children taken away on the grounds that they were " at risk of neglect " . mike shaw was called in as an expert witness to interview us and make recommendations . yet the reports that he submitted to court were unbelievably sloppy and ill researched . under cross examination , he was vague and inarticulate and could provide no concrete evidence to support his assertions and recommendations . luckily for us , he was so glaringly incompetent that we were allowed to repeat the process with another expert psychiatrist . i do n't know about his co-editors , but if his work is anything to go by , the material that he collated in this book can only be equally sloppy and prejudiced . here are some extracts from the psychiatric report that he submitted to court . judge for yourself whether you can take anything this man does or says seriously . evidence-gathering . " on 9.8.02 , i interviewed mr & mrs orman [2 hours] " on 21.8.02 , i met the family at trent park where i spoke to mrs orman alone [40 mins] , witnessed contact [1 hour] and spoke to the children without their parents [20 mins] [and] i interviewed the foster carer [2 hours]. observations . " mr & mrs orman were friendly and co-operative throughout.[...] mr orman showed insight [... but] was n't concerned that his actions may have disadvantaged the children . the couple were very robust in refuting the [welfare's ] account , which they claimed was full of misunderstandings and misinformation . " contact took place in the park[...]the parents and children seemed happy to see each other ; they chatted in animated style . [...] i was n't aware of either parent criticising the authorities in the children 's presence " [interviewing the children] the children seemed attentive [...] but answered " do n't know " , fell silent and looked at each other when i asked them questions [...] erin related [a simpsons episode where] homer [...] had lumps coming out of his head because he kept his anger inside . i found myself wondering whether this was an oblique reference to concern about mr orman 's temper but guessed that such an interpretation would be dismissed . [note . this is submitted in court as an evidence-based legal document ! ] conclusions & recommendations " [...] i observed mrs orman as shy and anxious while mr orman was very pleasant but forceful . [...] " mr and mrs orman say they have an easy affectionate bond with the children . so it is surprising that the foster carer finds the children uncomfortable with physical contact . [...] i think there is some insecurity in the children 's attachment to their parents . [note how this directly contradicts his own observations in the park.] " were mr orman to be caring for the children on his own , i would be concerned about his sensitivity to their needs . [...] asked whether he had any regrets , mr orman did n't take any responsibility for the deprivation and disruption suffered by his children going into care . [...] erin [who was 8 at the time] needs a parent who can stand up to her without losing their temper , and support and advise socially . i suspect mr orman would find this difficult . " my concern about mrs orman managing the children on her own would be a recurrence of her illness . [...] i wonder whether mrs orman has the strength and patience to handle these very challenging [sic] children . " [...]the children seemed very happy and natural with their parents during the contact i observed [sic] and the contact records make reference to the children wanting to go home . " [...] returning home is likely to further retard the children 's social and emotional development . [...] " these children have very little capacity to protect themselves from what is essentially emotional deprivation and possibly abuse . [...] it is most unlikely that either parent can protect the children from any harm that the other parent might cause . i also find very plausible ms [charlotte] curran 's suggestion ( ... [in] her [written] statement ) that mr orman dominates his wife . " the children did not express a wish to return home when they spoke to me , but it seems safest to assume they would prefer to be at home and would be alarmed if that was not possible . [..] i believe the children need a long-term placement away from home with experienced foster carers . [...] contact should be gradually reduced . " mike shaw 's answers under cross-examination painted a dire picture of our mental competence and subsequent parenting abilities , but he was unable to point to any specific evidence that he had acquired in his 6-hour investigation . yet he remained adamant in his conclusion that the children should be removed from the family indefinitely and contact gradually reduced until no further contact be allowed , so that the children could lead a normal and happy life . he could not comment on government statistics that show that 70% of all children placed in long-term foster care end up as delinquents . our children were eventually returned to us after we underwent a convoluted process to prove our competence as parents beyond a reasonable doubt ; and the case was eventually closed . so much for the scientific and critical appraisal of our family by a man who regularly provides expert legal evidence and trains psychiatrists in making competent medical recommendations that supposedly satisfy basic human rights conventions 
books neg 665.txt mr. haqqani 's views about his mother country are very dubious . the only question i have for the author as he served in some very corrupt governments as their partner...what has he done for his home land ? nothing ! ! ! this book in waste of time . 
books neg 849.txt yuck . this book was totally boring . well , maybe you 'll like it if you 're , like , 7 or 8 years old or something . not only is it totally boring , but poorly written . which surprised me because ann m. martin is certainly not a bad writer ! i 'm really glad she left the bsc and started writing a new series about them . the bsc books are soo boring and childish . please - a hard to handle babysitting adventure is when the dog runs loose for 2 seconds . do n't waste your time reading the bsc books . they are all pretty dumb 
books neg 57.txt i was raised in virginia and never understood the details of the battle of yorktown . now i see the big picture and how all the regional events in the glorious cause fit together . immediately after finishing this book i returned to yorktown with an entirely different understanding . i could relive the battle as if i had been there during the war . it was fascinating ! i never learned this from history books . male age 60 
books neg 87.txt ann coulter is unbelievable in her unrelenting hatred of anyone not in aggreement with her warped sense of reality . to her there is no middle ground . i am an educated , well travelled adult who while born in the united states , spent a good portion of my childhood living overseas and consider myself to be fairly open minded . to be called a communist , a traitor , and an enemy of america just because i do n't buy into the ultra conservative mind think is an insult to the freedom that this country was founded on . i have never in my life considered buring or destroying a book because of it 's evil , until i read this one . be afraid , be very afraid of these people 
books neg 422.txt very politically manipulative primer that only gives 5 / 8 of the story . i add 1 / 8 because the author does acknowlege some of the huge problems caused by unbridled global capitalism , but then quickly glosses them over basically saying that these effects are unfortunate , but that free global trade is best for everyone in the long run . there is a lot of interesting incidental information as various terms are explained , but too often this reference becomes a one-sided sermon for free trade . these are the same deceptions that robert reich started pushing under clinton . repubs kept the song going without missing a beat . most of both dem and repub reps support neoliberal policies - the rich get richer in both parties . feel free to read to learn about terms , just be aware that the author is leading you down a highly biased path 
books neg 103.txt i found this book at a thrift store for 25 cents . i flipped though it and it looked dated , but interesting , so i decided to get it . as other reviewers mention , it is dated - - but you gotta know that up front when you get it . it 's published in 1986 , when there were no ( well , almost no ) home computers . so you have to accept up front that it 's talking about organizing papers using more papers - - but that 's something we still all got to do occasionally . so it 's a system of notepads , file folders , etc. it does help you try to understand why you want to keep papers , etc , and what you can do about it . however , it does get overly complex , and really does n't seem applicable in today 's world , where there are far fewer " homemakers " who spend time organizing sewing and recipe files , as this book seems to be focused on . finally , i have to mention that it was the continual religion-related references that put me off to the book in the end . others who are comfortable with this may not even notice it , but for me , i felt i was being preached to a bit too much to find it tolerable . just my personal taste ; i 'm sure some others will disagree with this judgement , but i have to admit after enough casual religion references tossed randomly throughout the text , i gave up on the book and put it in the recycle bin 
books neg 519.txt ms milton admits to her anger at humanistic psychology , so she attacks without understanding . she does not seem to grasp even some of the basic concepts of the people 's work she denigrates . maslow 's hierarchy of needs is one example . i have spent a great deal pf time studding humanistic psychology and writings . i have had the pleasure of being trained in group therapy with carl rogers , and william coulson as instructors . any one who really studies these writers will see how bad a job ms milton did presenting them . she should have let her anger subside before she wrote the book . her bias is extreme and obvious . so consider this when reading the book . no doubt ms milton will have a new career appearing on the conservative religious programs . i am sure pat robinson and jerry falwell have or will book her to speak out against the evils of humanistic psychology 
books neg 8.txt i have been a fan of sue henry since her first jessie arnold mystery . i was looking forward to reading her lastest adventure , but was very disappointed in this outing . the characters were one-dimensional . after discovering who the " bad guys " were i needed to reread part of the book for clarification . sue henry has a very annoying habit of foreshadowing at the end of many of her chapters . " ...they had n't a notion just how decidedly things could - and would - change in the next few hours . " even the relationship between alex and jessie seemed stilted . i realize it is difficult to create plausible mysteries for a civilian like musher jessie arnold , but this book tried too hard and accomplished too little 
books neg 687.txt i wouold only skim this book if you want a general idea about business marketing , but do not expect in depth detail about how to truly market your business 
books neg 85.txt this book was great . i especialy liked the chapter where bill sticks a falafel in his co-worker 's hoo-hah . priceless 
books neg 573.txt true , there are many controversies raging about copying dvds and copyrights . i suspect we are in a transition zone with all this and " the industry " will figure out how to help people love and cherish their dvds rather than simply calling everyone a pirate . having said that , i can also understand why an author of such a book would n't want to " say too much " about this controversy , especially if he his looking over his shoulder at " the lawyers . " i was trying to think of an analogy to express my disapointment in this book ( and this is n't a good one ) but it goes like this : you want to go to israel and you buy a book on " israel for dummies " and you search for something , anything on the controversy of the wall they are building . but instead of finding a discussion of the controversy you find a few off-handed quips about " there 's a wall going up and it 's causing some controversy . ' nuff said . " " ' nuff said " ? hel-lo ? were dummies out here , that 's why we bought the dumb book ! there might be some useful information for some people , but i was sorely disappointed 
books neg 200.txt if you want to believe an illusion , go for it . some readers say he is well informed . whoa . this guy talks about science without any credentials to do so . if it makes you feel good to believe that the us is bad , the environment is collapsing , and we need socialism to survive , then this is the book for you . if you are open minded but want truthful facts to make your own opinion , find another source . waste of money 
books neg 505.txt while this book is a good reminder to high school students and their parents of the kinds of illiberal attitudes extant on many college campuses , i cannot recommend it to other readers . the author unfortunately perpetuates the right-wing-republican-only stereotype believed by many outside evangelical christianity . she battles as much for her political leanings away from gun control and in favor of all bush administration policies as she does for the truth claims of the gospel . indeed , in reading some of the chapters , it is difficult to see that she has any concept of a christian worldview that might veer in any part from republican platform positions . this is really too bad , because she makes many good points and appears to be courageous in her positions . i would not have begrudged her political point of view at all , had she made a clearer distinction between that and her theological position 
books neg 723.txt grudem seems to have a very distorted and confused vision of christ . we can only hope that evangelical become more like christ . jesus was the first real liberal and the most radical of liberals . if jesus of nazareth was anything , he was an extraordinary friend of the down - trodden , definitely a liberal , whose advocacy on their behalf so infuriated the ultra-conservative religious and political leaders of his day that they had him killed to prevent the public from hearing the very liberal teaching that you will see quoted abundantly in jesus ' own words on this web site ! those who actually know what the bible says about the life and teaching of jesus recognize that far from being like jesus of nazareth , today 's " religious right " are much more like the kind of clerics who battled this revolutionary prophet from the day he opened his mouth until the day they had him nailed to a cross . although these people claim to represent jesus christ , they rarely quote his teaching or follow his example . what they do instead is use his name ( " in vain " ) to promote their ideas , ideas which jesus himself did not teach , and might well have opposed . 
books neg 153.txt horrible book . the racist continues his trend of substandard writing 
books neg 208.txt at the young age of 25 julie barenson loses her husband . shortly after he dies , a great dane puppy is delivered to her home with a note from her late husband . this part will give you the chills ... nice touch . she names him singer , and despite her frustrations with his size and clumsy mannerisms they grow to love each other . after a few years of trying to get her life back together after her tragic loss , julie begins dating 2 men- -richard , a handsome charmer who wines & dines her , brings her lavish gifts and professes his undying love very early in the relationship . the other , mike , is a simple down to earth country type whose idea of a date is a burger , doritos & a couple beers at the local watering hole . so who would you choose ? ouch ! i 'll stop there with the comment that this could have been such a compelling story . instead , we are faced with trite , boring , repetitive dialogue throughout , scatterings of viewpoint shifts and a very predictible plot . i cannot believe this is the same author who wrote the notebook , one of my all time favorite novels . i 'll have to admit the ending brought on a gush of tears . in conclusion , singer not only saved his owner but the book as well . 
books neg 586.txt there 's nothing unique about this text - all the topics & discussions have been well covered in other basic textbooks on corporate finance , mergers etc... . the discussions lack depth . the whole concept of corporate strategy has been miscontrued by the authors... . the link between this and financial markets is very ambiguous & blur ! fyi i 'm a businessman & hold an mba in finance from an international university 
books neg 365.txt mr. shirley sneaks into iran , hiding in the box of a truck , where he should have stayed . he spends 3 or 4 days in iran , most of it trying not to be seen . he walks around for a few hours . he speaks to 3 or 4 truckdrivers , 2 or 3 shopkeepers , and a few assorted others , from which he assembles a complete picture and understanding of the political and social infrastructure of iran . along the way he explains , on just about every other page , how the cia is a complete failure in every facet of it 's existence , how all the career people in it 's employ are arrogant idiots who are devoid of all compassion and intellect . he explains each of the cia 's mistakes , along with his explanation of what they ought to have done . he is , of course , ex cia himself , having left it because no one there understood anything about anything 
books neg 117.txt the author shows she is obviously making a transition from poetry to prose with this novel . her sentences are long and wordy , and her numerous metaphors make little sense in their context . she goes to great lengths to describe many little and unimportant details , causing the actual story to suffer from lack of content . her descriptions of life in general seem unreal - she describes things and events in a way that no person would do in the circumstance . the storyline is decent in some places , but it is generally hard for the reader to follow . many times , i had to go back to read paragraphs and pages again to realize where the author was going . it is true there were many points in which i wanted to stop reading all together , which is a rarity . i was altogether disappointed in the book . i thought it would be decent , from all the literary awards it had won , but it really was just pages of fluff and poetry disguised as prose 
books neg 888.txt i forced myself to finish this book , though it was touch and go in several places , just so i could feel able to review it fairly . it seems i liked it even less than reviewer ms. trieste " cf " , below , but i am in general agreement with her points . there are just so many things wrong with this book that even the grating " famous names " do n't really stand out for me . let 's see , where to begin : the naive political ranting , the unspeakable dialogue , the corny love interest , the wholly implausible technology , the absurd coincidences , the distractingly disjointed structure , the proliferation of minor characters , the talky explanations of the detective 's thought processes , the total incompetence and corruption of the police - i ca n't go on ; it 's hackneyed and poorly written , and that 's all there is to it . 
books neg 309.txt if you like this book you will probably like " bless the child " by cathy cash spellman . they are very similar . this book can be summed up in one word , simple : simple-minded , simple characters , simple plot ( applied loosely ) , and simple premise . what a contrived piece of garbage ! i ca n't describe everything wrong with this book because there 's not enough time . if it 's meant to be a mystery it sucks because you figure out who did it about halfway through . if it 's meant to empower women it sucks because the women are either victims , in denial , weak , worried about what everyone thinks , or oblivious . if it 's meant to promote animal adoptions it sucks because the author 's plea for that is irritating . that 's how bad this book is ! it can make an animal lover say that its plea for more animal adoptions was annoying . this author has no style . the book reads like an episode of inside edition . there is no immersion into the story . the total lack of character development leaves you with no compassion for them . as a reader i felt completely outside the story ; an uncaring observer of a poorly described scenario . the attempts to tug at my heartstrings were laughable . i 've been more moved by the appearance of colorful weeds on my lawn . the only reason i read the whole thing was that my neighbor recommended it and loaned it to me . do not waste your time . i must say though that this novel was inspirational . if this crap can make the best seller list , it gives me hope that my original fiction might get published 
books neg 662.txt i 've been following bprd since the very beginning and feel that i can say with all sincerity , that this series gets better and better with each new story ! the tpb 's are absolutely the way to go if you do n't frequent comic stores ( which i do ) . so do yourself a favor and purchase all of the tpb 's , kick back in an easy chair with a stock of time set aside , and enjoy these bad boys to your hearts content 
books neg 497.txt terrib 
books neg 5.txt i tried reading this book but found it so turgid and poorly written that i put it down in frustration . it reads like a translation from another language by an academic bureacrat . the theme is interesting , the execution poor . cannot recommend 
books neg 350.txt you can breeze through this book in under an hour - - i just did . while it makes for a suspenseful , albeit entertaining , account of what happened that infamous night , damore relies too heavily on witnesses ' accounts and police remarks ( often little more than kennedy bashing ) . by now , most of us can accept the facts : that emk drank way too much and drove off a bridge , subsequently leading to tragedy . dui accidents happen every day , chillingly often to average people . the fact that this happened to one of the greatest senators in the history of the united states only reaffirms this . .. 
books neg 122.txt when i found out francis collins has written a book about his faith , i ordered it the same day . after all , we seemed to be following the same path . i earned a phd in molecular biology in 1981 and had several ` firsts ' in the area of gene cloning . then i found christ as a 40-year-old . my transition was from a semi-serious jew to a materialist to a serious christian . hearing about dr. collins ' spiritual walk had me intrigued . his book should be entitled " a politician presents evidence for belief " . it is a completely uncritical view of the last twenty years of biological research . the human genome project is elevated to status of " bridge to a momentous new era " . hogwash . hype is the term i would use . the dept. of energy was duped into footing the bill because the national institutes of health saw it as a waste of resources . the author could n't make a better case for the payoff than to show humans have more ` junk dna ' than previously thought . dr. collins then explained darwinian gradualism as if it were dogma . this oversimplification is typical of those who never studied biology except at a medical school . this is not entirely his fault , however , since many scientific journals will not publish research where evolution is n't perfectly gradual and perfectly random . their motivation should be perfectly obvious , but it 's not even on dr. collins ' radar . he also uses mendel 's peas as a pivotal point in our understanding of genetics , assuming the reader would be ignorant that mendel 's data was ` dry-labbed' . usually an author who writes on this subject is strong in either biology or theology . dr. collins relies on two sources for his treatise on theology : st. augustine and c.s. lewis . i happen to agree with him that the creation story and the books of job and song of solomon have a " lyrical and allegorical flavor " . i would include the book of jonah in that category as well . however , there is an entire literature on the subject that is completely overlooked . the only time dr. collins makes a strong case for anything , it is to refute edward o wilson , richard dawkins , and their minions . even then , he uses a quote from the late stephen jay gould for his most scathing criticism . francis collins is the consummate politician- -he takes a stand without offending anyone . dr. collins knows that jesus was not a politician , and he did not worry about offending the intellectual elites of his time . take this quote from mat 23:14 " woe unto you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for ye devour widows ' houses , and for a pretence make long prayer : therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation . " dr. collins ' book claims to be a middle ground for theists and scientists . in my opinion it is a piece of fluff and a narcissistic retelling of the human genome project myth . 
books neg 299.txt i found the book had some ideas that helped , but it was unrealistic in many ways . i am spiritual , but i did n't appreciate the religious opinion it gave 
books neg 485.txt i do n't really understand all the reviews about sun tzu 's work . people saying that this one or that one is closer to the original ; are there really that many experts in ancient chinese out there . how can anyone say which is the best translation unless they are personally familiar with the original , in the original chinese , and if that the case they should write their own version 
books neg 574.txt i was eager to read this book , but after reading it i was left completely flat . the rest of the iceberg ? hardly . smith barely gives us more than what we could get from reading sports illustrated , or any minnesota sports page . he admits he 's not a fan of football , but for the majority of the book leisurely describes the most basic parts of his football career . this book is touted as : his full and complete story . so we learned he was watching ren & stimpy during his nfl draft . wow , are these the types of meaty stories that we want to read ? how about telling us more of the inside details.. . how did smith deal with people who wanted to be his friends or girlfriends only because he was a star football player ? who were his friends that he could trust , and when did he need that trust ? what thoughts enter your mind as you look to hire an agent ? what was he doing when he was " goofing off and missing class all summer " which led to one of the most covered stories of his time at ohio state ? when , and why did he begin using pot ? if football is not " smart " enough for him , why does n't he study and break down some of the coaching process that is more mentally challenging ? what happened to plans for medical school ? we know the stories of football ; those are the parts of the iceberg that have already been documented . i also felt smith wrote this book as if he is defending himself from all of america . who is attacking him ? why does he feel the need to explain why he was paid so much ? highly paid athlete stories are , sorry for the pun , a dime a dozen . he tries to compare his sitting out for more money to a scenario for the average guy . the truth is , many people will take a job for 5% less than a co-worker because yes , they value things other than money , and yes , they are happy to have a job . leaving the grammatical errors to the other reviewers , it felt like i was reading an average high school creative writing project . ' i did this , i did that , i went to bed , next day . ' half of his quotes are from the wellspring of deep philosophy : pop music . smith notes " less than 50 percent of americans read at a 10th-grade level " . well , this book certainly wo n't tax the reading ability of too many people . one lesson from this book is that smith had opportunities to swallow his pride , take some coaching , and come up with a better solution . this book is another one of those times . he should have hired an editor or writing consultant who could give guidance . build the characters ; help us feel their stories . instead , smith felt it necessary to go alone to get to the raw emotions . sorry , but compared to other autobiographies , this was not an emotional book . i 'm sure smith is all the things that mike gutter says he is , such as : thoughtful , honest , trustworthy , dependable , passionate.. . but i felt that some of the best stories that would demonstrate these characteristics were left out of this book . instead , we are still looking for the rest of the iceberg . 
books neg 836.txt two huge problems with this book . one , this self righteous club is leaving clues to a killer and " traveling and learning " when they already know his identity , so i guess he can keep on dismembering women until the psychiatrist figures it all out and then gets teary eyed over his new special wine glass . two , the city of los angeles functions as a character in kellerman 's other novels and adds alot of realism to the novels . this thing drags on in some unnamed , nondescript city 
books neg 536.txt i do n't know why it won the national book award . this book is very slow , & amp ; very boring . where is the action ? i forced myself to finish it 
books neg 399.txt no intellectual can afford to be unacquainted with the immortal john dewey and his " experimental school . " who would dare criticize the education legend inseparably linked with the irreproachable rhetoric of " progressivism ? " i would . dewey 's conception of the child as learner assumes that the uneducated mind is essentially capable of directing its own knowledge by a spontaneous inquisitiveness stemming from nature study . this he then expects to blossom into a more expanded consideration of the various academic subjects with the teacher merely facilitating transitions and answering the child 's self-posed questions . the problems in dewey 's model begin with his science fair-meets-museum-meets-playground-meets-lecture hall school design : the model is untested on any large scale and the cost plus upkeep is prohibitively expensive . classes are small and require several specialists and non-reusable materials . as if kids did n't have enough problems with the basic skills set already , dewey would have them heavily involved in shop and home economics . even more outrageous in dewey 's model is the premise that we ought never force students to study what they do not like . their own intellectual prejudices reign supreme and by implication , teachers are discouraged from evaluating against solid standards . experienced teachers know that kids can easily hide their shortcomings even when required to study their weak subjects , and that remediation is hard to implement before they slip further behind . how could dewey 's recommendation to cater almost exclusively to the child 's intrinsic likes not further disguise and exacerbate low performance ? deweyism of course , like many other off-the-wall theories of education , denies behaviorism when it refuses to acknowledge psychological patterns in man . it depicts formulaic teaching and learning as fundamentally faulty and generalized curricula as harmful to student individuality . nothing could less representative of the quality research conducted , particularly project follow through : the great skeleton in the student-centered advocates ' closet . i 'd personally like to see dewey 's updated plan for seamlessly moving kids , who come into class with their " natural inquisitiveness " programmed by tv , rap music , and other pop media , into colonial american history , calculations of hyperbolic asymptotes , tennessee williams , and the " plus-que-parfait " tense . but of course , such leaps of interest are unnecessary if we utterly throw out the old-fashioned academic corpus along with the old-fashioned school system . 90% of students in high schools today report that they do not feel adequately challenged . maybe the answer does n't lie in yielding to children 's lack of intellectual discipline but in tapping their potential to control that uninformed caprice . dewey 's " progressivism " relies upon the contradiction of allowing uneducated mind educate the teacher on its own education . from the absurdity of it , i can only conclude that sane people latch onto this school gedankenexperiment to maintain an escapist fantasy in light of dismally high drop-out rates , lowered standards , and social discord . but a radical solution is not necessarily synonymous with a good one 
books neg 988.txt margaux with an x is about a young lady who seems to have it all . beauty , popularity and can do about anything without getting into trouble at home . yet she is not happy she holds a dark secret that happened to her when she was young.she is tired of every boy drooling over her and wanting to date her and most having no content to them . she has a gambler as a father and a mother who just watches television all day . her life takes a different turn when she meets danny . he is the total opposite of all the guys she has dated . he is a year behind her in high school he is thin and is not shapely , yet they both start a bond with each other . the book was interesting but after awhile i got tired and could not keep up with the constant bantering and sarcasm of the main characters 
books neg 106.txt this book is a sure snooze-fest . luckily for me i did not have to read the entire book for my undergrad art history photo class . we read selected chapters of the book . they writing was horrible . many parts were unclear . i had to reread what i read over and over . i ca n't stand this style of writing . barthes attempts to come off as interesting and intelligent . instead , he comes off as boring and pretentious . skip this book.. . try something else 
books neg 760.txt have to agree with earlier post , book looks nice and clear but numerous errors make actually using ( vs. just browsing ) the material very difficult . 7th edition adi section has numerous mislabed equations , incorrect data values , unfortunate . suggest look elsewhere for a numerical analysis book 
books neg 604.txt typical feinstein ( " a season on the brink " excepted ) . quick , gossipy , superficial , fawning , etc. , etc. this book is about the 2002 u.s. open golf championship at the bethpage black golf course , a new york state park course on long island . the subtitle , " inside the ropes at bethpage black , " is used here as a figure of speech , meaning " behind the scenes . " ( " inside the ropes " is normally used in the context of a professional golf tournament to refer to the actual playing area itself - - spectators are separated from the golfers , caddies , officials , and other chosen few by thin ropes that tell the spectators how close they can get to the action . ) feinstein 's purpose is to give the reader a look at the unfolding of a golf tournament from its conception to its completion . we see u.s golf association ( the organization that conducts the tournament ) leaders in action and learn something about the logistics of putting on a golf tournament ( e.g. , 4 , 850 people willing to volunteer their time so that the professional golfers and u.s.g.a. can have a huge payday ) , about random qualifiers and random competitors , and about the resurrection of the black golf course . yet the book does not fulfill its promise . my guess is that feinstein 's indebted to too many golf people for both his past and anticipated future lifestyle to offer the kind of critical insights and analysis i had hoped for 
books neg 832.txt suggest for all genuinely interested in this topic , to refer to rabbi david berger 's book , the rebbe , the messiah & amp ; the scandal of orthodox indifference 
books neg 116.txt " dark tort " was inoffensive and certainly not painful to read , but for a novel that 's supposed to be part of a quirky , light mystery series , i found things a bit leaden . the book took forever to get past the opening scene where the body was discovered , and when we finally do move beyond that scene , a huge tangle of clues and suspects quickly built up that slowed things down even further . i do admit that it also does n't help that i 'm one of those people who ca n't suspend disbelief and have to ask , " ...so she 's an off-site caterer yet she continually runs across dead bodies whose murderers need to be identified ? " but , that 's just me . oh , well.. . many of the recipes did sound good , though i doubt i 'll get around to making any of them . this is one of those reviews where it 's probably best to just say that if you liked the previous entries in this series ( which i personally have n't read but suspect are n't much different than this one ) , you 'll likely enjoy this installment , too . the rest of us can just wait for the latest robert b . parker " spenser " novel for our light mystery fix . 
books neg 928.txt in the grand tradition of rational corp - this is an overpriced book from rational corp to complement its overpriced software . i must commend the healthcare example in the book that is described in fair detail . the book 's website is empty and does not supplement the book 's content - only contains a link to order the book and an email to contact the authors . if you have to buy it , buy a used copy or read the free marketing stuff on the rational website 
books neg 281.txt i like the idea that michael lewis wrote this book / article to defend a man whose coaching techniques are clearly out of style in todays world of my child this and my child that . having said that i did not like this book : 1 ) the writing was chopping and hard to follow at times . i had to re-read many sentences to understand lewis ' point . 2 ) the story lacked the depth of lewis ' other wonderful books - where 's the who / why / what that lewis used to moneyball ( and others ) educational - i wanted the story behind the story . 3 ) who were all the pictures of ? i found them distracting.. . i 'll continue to read lewis ' books bu thope the next one is bette 
books neg 256.txt i love to read great books like brave new world by aldous huxley or far from the madding crowd by thomas hardy . i love the aeneid by virgil , the odyssey by homer . i read both long versions of les miserables and the hunchback of norte dame by victor hugo . i read the rise and fall of the roman empire by gibbons and gained much knowledge from doing so . i love to read . but great expectations was a great disappointment ! i was somewhat amused until chapter ten where i felt the book became psycho-babble . i was also disappointed in tale of two cities . i could not endure the first two chapters ! dickens did a fine job on the christmas carol . but i will never read another of his books 
books neg 165.txt maybe i am not smart enough for this book , it certainly is n't for the novice ! ! i ended up more confused than educated 
books neg 647.txt as far as style goes , i found this pretty boring from what i saw in the bookstore . glad i never bought it , races of eberron is much better , as it has three great races ( fourth is n't so hot ) including one living construct type . in fact , from races of eberron i made one changeling druid who has near complete cold adaptation and heat adaptation ( from environment series ) , and a warforged monk which was effective against lycanthropes . what can races of the dragon possibly give you ? flying creatures ? firebreathing creatures ? you could be better off with weaked-down angel or better yet just a birdfolk race ( like raptorans in races of the wild , which by the way also has more variety with its catfolk ) . as for firebreathing , a feat could probably give you the whole fire-eating / fire-blowing act and save you the whole freakish thing of having weird blood . 
books neg 367.txt i might have been expecting too much , but i was disappointed with this book . i did not learn anything on dark magick per se . the first half of the book is about a variety of subjects like , goths , vampires , lost souls , the collective unconscious , dark deities , satanism and some other stuff . the second half is about magick , but it sounds more like high magick to me . where 's the dark magick 
books neg 705.txt i cannot believe this book had such a high number of positive reviews . i have read some bad books in my life but this one is one of the absolute worst ! i am amazed that all the references to child murder and rape can be overlooked by the rest of the reviewers 
books neg 327.txt let me first say that once upon a time i liked larry the cable guy . after reading this book , i now think he is one step above slime . to be fair , some jokes are funny and some stories are enjoyable and amusing . he is anti-pc which is totally fine with me and even goes as far to pick on some appropriate targets like rosie o'donnell , michael moore , barney frank , barbara streisand , and " that fat girl from the dixie chicks " , among others . no problem there in my opinion . that is the entirety of the positive things i can say about the book . the rest is just babble , often repeated over and over again , that even larry lovers will find annoying . a couple things that really bothered me . the first is his constant and unrelenting picking on and making jokes at the expense of " retards " and down 's syndrome children . he must use the term " retard " at least fifty+ times in the book . this is appreciably different than making a joke about , say , michael moore . moore made the decisions and taken the actions in his life to make him an apt target for jokes . the down 's syndrome children did not . my opinion of larry the cable guy dropped to zero or below after reading his attack on " retards " . he also racially sterotypes in the book . many of these jokes can be funny if taken in context and at least those people can respond . the down 's syndrome kids can't . larry , i can only hope god ( in whom you so mightly believe in according to your book ) grants you a " retard " child to love and care for . then , i would like to read your next book . i suspect you would gain some sorely needed wisdom very quickly . the second theme in the book that came through loud and clear is that larry is a fraud in many senses . he plays the good ' ol bubba . he ai n't too bright and he ai n't ever changed since he left the farm . his " celebrity " - his word not mine - has not gone to his head . ok , larry . why then the better than thou tone throughout the book - including speeches and lectures , including serious topics such as abortion ? why do virtually every one of your stories and jokes involve putting someone else down ? why the unrelenting references to your " celebrity " ? the terms " meet and greet " and " after-party " were used over and over and over , as an example . do you really think your fans have ever been to one of these events or even know what they are ? well , you are wrong . they are mentioned constantly to remind everyone how big of a star you have become . that 's hollywood-speak my country , fart loving , nose picking friend . overall , this book is a true disappointment and larry the cable guy is a true moron ( see does n't that sound better than " retard " ) . my father always taught me there are two types of dumb people . those who are dumb and know they are dumb . and those who are dumb but are so dumb , they do n't realize it . the former category usually shuts up ( knowing they are dumb ) . the latter category normally rambles on and on like some drunk in the gutter . the first group is obviously smarter than the second . larry the cable guy falls smack dab in the last group . the fact that he has stumbled into some sense of success is fueling his rambling and babbles in this book . make jokes , larry , and forget about your opinions on say abortion and the like . unfortunately , larry ca n't see the obvious . like virtually every celebrity he cites and makes fun of in the book , he has become exactly one of them . a thin layer of " good ' ol boy " on top , covering a core of venom and " celebrity " . he plays the role pretty good until one gets under the sheets . my suggestion : do n't buy larry 's act and , by all means , do n't buy the book . 
books neg 701.txt this is one of kellerman 's poorest books . when you finally get to what is going on , it is ridiculous . do n't waste your time on this 
books neg 421.txt save your time , money and patience . this may be the worst book i have read since the equally monotonous , predictable stone barrington novel " the short forever " . wow , this one stinks . like others , i put up with the shallow characters , ludicrous dialogue and endless parade of showers , boobs and guns to figure out whodunit . unfortunately , this book had an ambiguous ending that seeks to be clever but is instead is just stupid . who on earth did kill vance ? and come to think of it , who gives a damn ? i do n't what women did to stuart woods but he sure seems to hold them in complete contempt . every female character , save for isabel the maid , felt compelled to practically rape our handsome hero . each is flawless and gorgeous but also all are dumb , vacuous , self-centered and thoroughly unlikeable - hey a couple are even truly psychotic ! the only normal female character who spared stone , mary ann , unfortunately has a room temperature iq . i am hardly a prude , but i lost count of how many women either vance or stone made love to in the course of one short novel and felt the need to take a long hot shower to rid myself of the feelings of filth . mr. woods either lives in a world of complete ignorance or the reading public is a lot less discriminating than i thought 
books neg 650.txt this book was a huge disappointment . not only was n't it funny to me , it has absolutely nothing funny for kids . too bad its not worth the return shipping charges . i threw it out 
books neg 240.txt the only redeeming points of this book are the few conversations that the author has with his uncle . the rest is just quotations from other books . there is enough original material here for about a chapter and a half . the author was set on making a book out of it so he just padded it with things that other authors had said . i read it to the end though . probably because the author has a very nice writing style . he is probably a good playwrite though i have never read any of his plays . he just did n't have enough material for a book here . i 'm surpised it got published 
books neg 872.txt the photo presented here is a bit too bright and the faces are not that orange in this paperback edition 's cover . however you can get a feel for the checked floor and how after opening the pages of the doorbell rang you get an eye sore with the blue checkered tablecloth in the kitchen with the blue stove and red appliances . the mother and daughter are both redheads and there is a black cat that hangs around during the story that takes place in the kitchen . with just twenty pages my seven-year old breezed through the book in six minutes . the favorite character in the book according to my son is the cat and watching where he was throughout the story . the doorbell rang begins with a mother placing a plate of cookies on the kitchen table for her son sam and daughter victoria . " i 've made some cookies for tea , said ma " . the children each took six cookies comparing the look and smell of these cookies to grandma's . by flipping through the pages of the doorbell rang it looks like the kitchen table got bigger , but upon further inspection the same number of chairs are there , but more kids around the table and fighting over the seats . the cat is making his way around the kids to receive pats on the head and attention . more kids arrived bringing a bicycle and a doll carriage and the table shows each kid with one cookie . it is hard to tell if the cookies are on white plates or that is just part of the checkered tablecloth . the serving plate is clearly empty at this point and all the kids turn to see the latest bell ringer . meanwhile over at the stove the steam is continuing but at a larger pace and it looks like fresh water now in the orange pail . the final arrival for this story is grandma , with a large cookie sheet type tray carrying freshly baked chocolate chip cookies . all the kids leave the table to greet her and the cat ends up alone on the kitchen table . not very sanitary as far as i am concerned and my son noticed no napkins or drinks at the table . the dirty floor was bothering him as well and he wondered why the kids never took their shoes off for that is something we all do upon entering our home . the portrayal of the mother and how the stove was not being attended and having the cat on the table bothered me . the kids not stopping to wipe their feet or hanging up their own belongings and no one washing their hands before having a cookie and who knows how many times the kids each touched one of them . at least the kids were dressed nice and the bucket of water never spilled and the mother finally sat down . for a new reader this might be a fun read but for more than one read i highly doubt there would be interest . there is a lot of repetition with the arrival of new kids and then the sharing of the cookies while comparing them to each child 's grandma 's cookies . there are roughly two to four sentences on each page . the good news is that my son did not ask for any cookies after reading this 
books neg 879.txt after reading all the author 's books so far , i realized he is repeating himself . in all his books ( including the ones which myron bolitar is n't present ) there are the same elements in the plot : disappeared person who might or not be dead , mobster guys who might or not be involved in the plot , the hero gets beaten by mosbter guys and is always saved " in the last minute " , someone wealthy and with lots has interest in the plot but no one knows for sure . as the plots became being built upon the same structure , the suprise is getting less and less after each book . being someone who started liking mistery books after reading all agatha christie 's ones , and because each book of hers is completely diferent from the other , i look for the same originality in other mistery books . of course the book is good for a first time harlan coben reader . i just did n't like it that much because of the repetitions , which make very easy to guess the final , spoiling the suspense of the reading 
books neg 231.txt i have written software for development projects for 30 years and i have managed several projects . martin fowler has extraordinary insight , and i enjoy reading his papers for the gems of thought i find . the main lesson i pick up from this book is : break your large project into projects sufficiently small that you can sensibly abandon refactoring for each of the small projects . refactoring works well in some cases , i suppose . refactoring works well for some people , i suppose . i 'm skeptical , though . fowler filled the book with page after page of the detailed refactoring method applied to a problem he acknowledged as too simple for application of refactoring . he assures us that refactoring may overload small projects with methodology , making it unsuitable for them , and it works really well for larger projects . i suspect , however , that the burden it imposes enlarges as the job enlarges . fowler gives me no good reason to think otherwise . if i 'm to risk this methodology on a large project , i want to see it perform well on a smaller project first . fowler conceives methodologies that attract zealous disciples . in the case of refactoring , the methodology may succeed for its attractiveness rather than for its practical utility 
books neg 140.txt i am a gigantic james brown fan , i have 100 albums , 130 singles , i 've met him 5 times , seen him live over 100 times since 1971 , had lunch with him in nyc , and i am the ' paul ' in the jb section of gerri hirshey 's nice history of soul music nowhere to run , but if this book was written by james brown or if he even had much to tell the writer , i 'll eat my refrigerator . it is so full of errors that it is laughable . one of the most glaring errors was when mr. brown ' supposedly ' said , " say it loud was where funk started " or something to that effect . that is so ridiculous . james brown would never say such a thing ! any student of funk knows that cold sweat was the quintessentional funk piece and it is not even mentioned in the book ! ! ! the style of mr. brown 's sentences that are attributed to him sound nothing like him . i have no idea why this was put out . the other ' autobiography ' written over a decade ago was more relevent and much better written , the godfather of soul by jb and bruce tucker . someone , ( alan leeds ? ) needs to write a 600 page comprehensive biography of mr. brown with much more detail . 
books neg 815.txt more than human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas . the writing is often compared to that of faulkner but i would n't make that connection having read a few of faulkner 's works . sturgeon uses many of faulkner 's narrative trademarks ( i.e. streaming conscious , first person perspective of low iq individuals , disorienting changes in first person narrative ) but i did n't feel the net effect really compared to say something like as i lay dying . i love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously . this results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books . more than human is slow , dated and not what i would describe as genre transcending nor would i recommend it to others . so the idea might of been original in the 50 's but topics like telekenesis , esp , computer-brain babies , and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before ( asimov ) and since . this book rarely set off that wow ! button in my head or kept me turning pages . this book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best . in 1953 there were 5 hugo award nominees for best science fiction book ( determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004 ) the retro hugo awards are fascinating because the voting ( in this example ) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society ca n't really be ignored . besides more than human , the far superior the caves of steel , childhood 's end , and farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi . needless to say , more than human did not win ( farenheit 451 did and rightfully so ) bottom line : i wanted to like this book and it does n't surprise me that others give it such high praise . these are probably people that do n't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests 
books neg 51.txt the scientific method applied to this book : 1 ) form a hypothesis : great managers do something differently than mediocre managers . 2 ) conduct an experiment : interview 80 , 000 managers . 3 ) analyze data : ? ? ? this step is missing ? ? ? 4 ) draw conclusions : write this book . with the exception of the " 12 questions " , the authors make no attempt to back any their conclusions with the results of their study . they make several insightful statements , such as " many managers say they would like to define the right outcomes . " however , they do not even attempt to tell the reader how the study led them to this statement . did 90% of the managers interviewed state this ? did 60% of the great managers state this while only 10% of the mediocre managers did ? does " many managers " mean 100 managers ? 100 managers seems like " many managers " at first , but considering 80 , 000 were interviewed i 100 managers is a negligible amount . the entire book consists of several rational statements that are not supported by their study . it seems to me that after conducting a huge study to find out what great managers do differently , the authors found almost no common trends . however , since they put a lot of money and effort into conducting the study , they needed something to show for it and wrote this book . if buckingham and coffman did n't claim this book was a result of " the largest study of its kind , " i would say it offers some decent advice ; however , since it does make this claim , i wish they would have back up their conclusions so the readers would be able to determine how valid they are . 
books neg 669.txt boring , tasteless and unoriginal . photographer has an obvious fixation...which has kept him from paying attention in many cases to contrast , tone , and line . one star for the big you know what , the real model here . i 'm sure book has its merits , but they are n't artistic . putting my copy up for sale 
books neg 321.txt i think in retrospect i wasted my time on this one . it had a great premise that indulged me into buying this book but who knew dark days lied ahead of me . as i read through the last chapters trying to uncover the mystery , i kept on hoping that there would be something more to it , something more enigmatic , a brilliant twist but i was left with despair . my major problem with this novel was there were not enough , in fact hardly anybody whom the reader could suspect as the possible killer . and bringing out a totally new character at the very end to describe the proceedings only shows a lack of respect to the mind of the reader who had been guessing until now about various other possibilities . i will never touch this author 's book again ! a mantra for reading thrillers is in believing the hype and read the best of the best-dan brown 
books neg 214.txt i have yet to use an actual phrase from this guide , but.. . it is good for re-charging my batteries when i have to write a review and feel uninspired . after reading through some ideas in this guide , i usually find i can then find my own words to say what i need to convey . the fact that all the phrases are positive , i see as a good thing because i feel it 's important to have a positive attitude toward the associate you 're reviewing . if there are challenges in the persons performance , the manager should have been working with the associate on that throughout the review period . i would recommend this book but only as a way to inspire the person writing a review to come up with their own way of phrasing.. . rather than use the phrases in the book . the people we manage deserve more than " copy / paste " reviews . 
books neg 697.txt this book contains reproducible mini-books , bingo cards , flash cards , some word search puzzles and fill-in activities . in my opinion , the fill-ins are a bit too challenging . i even had trouble with them . the only thing in this book really " worth it " that i could n't make as well myself , are the mini-books . the mini-books each contain several different sight words , so they seem to me to be more effective for review of words the student has already learned than in the initial learning of them 
books neg 355.txt i was not impressed with this book . it 's worth reading only because there are so few ruby on rails books . there is too much basic ruby and not enough rails in this book . i much prefered the agile web dev with rails 
books neg 898.txt i 'm sorry i wasted the money . i can see by the reviews you either love it or hate it . i 'm not squeamish by nature , but this book is one continuous torture fest which not only targets human victims , but animals as well . three quarter 's way through , when i realized this indeed was the premise from beginning to end , i started skipping these parts ( which got me to the last page quite quickly ) . i was bored and disgusted with the author . i believe he had a sick fetish and lived them out through these pages . in the end my eyeballs got six-pack abs from rollng around so much . this book is going on my " do not lend " shelf as i value my friends and would n't consider them subjecting them to such gory nonsense . 
books neg 437.txt i 'm the sort of guy who has a bit of trouble adapting to normal life . i 'm still bemused and puzzled the mechanics of toilet-flushing . my wife ( may she rest in peace ) bought me this book as an anniversary present last month before she was tragically torn apart by a rabid pack of alligators at a wyoming nature preserve . anyway , life moves on . much to my disappointment this book did not teach me everything i should know how to do . " but fred , " you might be saying ( and i 'll be saying " fred is n't my name , idiot ! " ) , " how do you know what you should know if you do n't know what it is to begin with ? " ah , well , let me explain . see , if tchikavoslky taught me one thought , it was this : i know nothing . so it is with this deep insight into my own mind that i came up with the following things i should know , based on what i currently do not know : 1. how to start a hurricane . this is very important . 2. how to kill a man with a toothpick . what if you met a hitman at a fancy restaurant and found out your were his next victim ? scary . 3. how to run a nuclear powerplant with a one-man army . i do n't want to be the next homer simpson ! 4. how to raise children . i 've raised ten and still have n't figured out what a diaper is . 5. what a diaper is . i do n't know , my wife used to talk about them a lot . 6. how to drive . sure , technically we 're supposed to learn how before we get our driver 's licenses , but like many people , i just got a fake one when i was 12 and have been driving since then . i 've been in over three hundred vehicular accidents and been charged with five counts of manslaughter , so i figured it might be good to learn how to drive . 7. how to stalk a celebrity . you just never know . 8. how to put on underwear without leaving stain marks . you fellas know what i 'm saying ! 9. how to make coffee . people ask me to all the time , and because i do n't know how , i just take some warm water and pour mud in . thankfully no one 's noticed my inadequacies yet , but i 'm sure soon enough they will , after another person dies of food poisoning and internal infection . 10. how to kill yourself . i do n't want the aliens to get anything out of me when i 'm taken hostage . i saw it in that tom cruise movie , and it was sure scary ! so with these things in mind , i 'm severely disappointed by this book , and feel it is mis-marketed and stupid . please , barbet schroeder ( or whoever the author was ) , write a better book next time 
books neg 105.txt i have loved many of jodi picoult 's other books , but this one seemed too far-fetched . i did not feel the evil depicted in the comic book drawings was necesary to the storyline and in-fact detracted from it . many of my friends who are jodi fans were also disappointed in this newest release 
books neg 349.txt i was expecting new and interesting ideas from this book , but was disappointed . if you truly have no idea how to find a sales baseline for your business or do n't know how to track trends , this book is for you . if you are like me ( you know the basics but were trying to find a more thorough approach ) , i would n't buy the book 
books neg 188.txt there are just too many errors , of interpretation , omission and commission , in this book to justify purchasing it.in this review we will concentrate on rima 's ( r ) handling of the work of j m keynes.on p.84 , r 's claim that the physiocratic concept of hoarding is & quot ; surprisingly suggestive&quot ; of j m keynes 's idea has no supporting evidence to back it up.on p.133 , r claims that malthus had developed a principle of effective demand , a la keynes.what malthus expressed was an uneasy feeling and / or intuition that ricardo 's deductive , analytical system of market self adjustment to a global optimum was overlooking ( or assuming away ) the possibility of insufficient aggregate spending.nowhere does malthus ever systematically present a theoretical counter to ricardo.what malthus does is express some reservations in an exchange of postal letters with ricardo.in chapter 20 of r 's book , she attempts to deal with keynes 's theory of effective demand and keynes 's discussion of involuntary unemployment which follows directly from his theory.keynes worked out the mathematical details in his chapter 20 , titled & quot ; the employment function&quot ; .r should have simply reprinted that chapter in her book , replacing her chapter 20 with keynes 's chapter 20.r 's figure 20.1 , discussed on pages451-454 , directly contradicts keynes 's analysis 
books neg 271.txt in the name of science , you will try to prove with propagande ; if you really want to decode how junk scientifics manipulate the world : go http : / / nomorefakenews.com and do not buy this junk book 
books neg 302.txt this is a complex and detailed history chiefly of cuban exiles in south florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without the help of various u.s. administrations . in that sense , it is the story of two cities - miami and washington - and two peoples - americans and cubans . i have an objection , though , with the stone-hard style in which this volume is so meticulously , even gorgeously at times , written . didion strives to be so achingly academic that there is little real heart to this book and , worse , the result is a cold , humorless , colorless story that is at times an unappealing example of ideological abstractions and alphabet soup . the author , in her conspicuously clean and parenthetical prose , apparently is so charged by the subject of her research that she has forgotten there are people on the other end - readers . it is , in that sense , a boring little disaster of a book . 
books neg 243.txt i could n't read past the second chapter . roberts is just perpetuating the same old stereotypes about muslims . it really steamed me that she used a verse of the quran out of context for the title page of " the bitter " . " your wives are your fields , so go to your fields as you like " is n't meant as a justification of sexual abuse and has never been interpreted as so by real scholars of the quran . i 'm not going to finish this book , because i 'd rather not be reminded of how much i am viewed as some sort of exotic , oppressed " other " type of woman , thanks . 
books neg 570.txt a bunch of junk . not any of the really meaty excersises . an excuse for the auhor to make money 
books neg 813.txt sorry . i hate to pile on , but i must agree with lit teacher on this one . the thinking was sloppy and contradictory , and the writing was wooden , stiff , irritating . i bought it a few months back and hid it in a drawer until i could get around to it . i pulled it out today with a smile and high hopes . boy was i disappointed . i thought maybe i was having a bad day . maybe my concentration was off . so i pulled out truman capote . smooth as silk . so it was n't my fault . it was ron's . i finally decided to scan the book , and that revealed there was really nothing new here , nothing interesting . i wish i had not wasted the money . i must be more careful . but , as for this book , there is nothing i need to refer to later , so i 'm putting it in the trash . it is saturday evening . they will come on monday to take it and the other garbage away . roger 
books neg 742.txt other reviewers have taken pains to outline the " plot " of this baby boomer bodice ripper . suffice it to say author kathryn harrison , scrupulously adhering to some private conviction that " more is better " , offers estrangement between identical twins , loss of a child , incest , paternity confusion , mid-life crisis and spiteful erotomania as it crops up in the life of one understandably confused new york shrink . this reader was aching for the hero , will , to book himself onto jerry springer while feeling immensely shortchanged by lines from ms harrison like " it 's just...it's ...what is it ? will does n't have a word for what he feels . " ( perhaps the character lacks the emotional vocabulary to communicate with the reader : the author , however , should not . in any case , those are lousy , lazy sentences among so many examples . ) in addition to being insufferably , cartoonishly silly , the book is wounded by a dreary internal structure . bad things happen to will-the-shrink , will then regurgitates them at length to his shrink , then buttonholes his wife to regurgitate what happened , what he thinks happened , and what he thinks about what his shrink thinks . as for ms harrsion 's " famous " sex scenes . they practically lie on their backs , fondling their adverbs and panting for penthouse approval : " she 's unbelievably wet and tight and impossibly , almost unnaturally , slippery . " " envy " , by the way , is ms harrison 's 11th book and she should , by now , be getting things more right than wrong 
books neg 282.txt this book would not be helpful for children of faiths other than christianity 
books neg 195.txt this collection of poems , tho representing a fine breadth of dickenson 's works , is in final assessment a crime against the poet 's great talent . as is freely admitted in the introduction , the editor , mr. higginson , & quot ; worked on the mechanics of the poems by smoothing out the rhymes and meter , changing the line arrangements , and rewriting the dialect of the local area . &quot ; this is a free admission of the book 's guilt , having adulterated dickenson 's original poems in both content and form . gone are the nuances and passions that make dickenson one of the best american writers . gone are the premeditated dashed and capitalizations that add depth and intensity to the poems ' meanings . and , worst of all , gone or altered are many lines that contribute to the unique vision of the artist . as thomas h . johnson says in the introduction to & quot ; the complete poems of emily dickenson , & quot ; a representative mid-nineteenth century traditionalist was being asked to judge the work of a wholly new order of craftsman . . . which he was not equipped to estimate . &quot ; do yourself a favor and avoid this text . instead , find one that is true to the original poems , one which preserves the intent and stylistic genius of the author , and one which will give you the full and lasting effect of emily dickenson 
books neg 339.txt the prologue of this book lead me to believe this was going to be a very touching love story of a woman losing the love of her life and finding love again . i was disappointed , soon after , when it turned into a gardening manual and a tale about ghosts , with a sort of haphazard romance thrown in the middle-and then even that was disappointing . i mean graceland for a first date ? i noticed a lot of similarities between roz and the mayor in northern lights , and logan and nate from that same book . none of them can talk in complete sentences . and stella , who comes across as this loving mother , who puts her kids before anything else , works from sun up to sun down and is so smug that she thinks the whole business is going to come crashing down around everybody if she is n't there to oversee everything , even though the place has been successful for years . there is no addressing the issue of moving on with her life after the death of her husband , she just does it . unless , of course , it was in the last 50 pages which i did n't bother to read because i just could n't torture myself any longer . and i 'm a big fan of roberts . i love her quinn brothers books and a lot of her other work . but this just stunk because i could really care less who the ghost is going to turn out to be . i 'm certainly not going to suffer through the last two books to find out . 
books neg 229.txt i had to read this book for a political theory class in college . after talking with several other members i was happy to find out that i do not have the reading skills of a third grader...benhabib goes out of her way to use vocabulary words that most educated people are not familiar with . the book is also not organized well . in order to really understand this book you will have to read it while taking notes . points that could be grouped together for arguments are scattered throughout entire chapters and even the whole book . benhabib may have used her vocabulary and lack of organization as tools to hide that the points she makes are not very well argued . throughout much of the book benhabib is trying to shoot down the theories of john rawls and other theorists to support her views on migratory rights . to be honest , i disagree with her views and admit that i might have found her organization and vocabulary more tolerable if i agreed with her . still , i do not have a problem with her making these claims if she did so logically . much of her work is based on telling the reader why other people are wrong and she will use theories she supposedly already disproved in one arguement to justify her later arguments for disagreeing with other theories . in short , i do not think anyone would want to read this book for pleasure , or intellectual curiosity . if you have to read the rights of others for a class , i extend my condolences . 
books neg 445.txt if you do n't know much more about woodrow wilson than an overview of the important events of his life , this book is n't going to help much . there 's very little political analysis , almost no attempt to portray what diffiulties wilson needed to overcome , and no passion at all in the writing . actually this book feels a lot like a high school term paper that someone knew they had to write and just wanted to turn in for a passing grade . auchincloss talks a bit about the two wilsons ( one good one bad ) and hints at wilson 's dependance on women , but neither of these positions is fleshed out or used consistently . maybe woodrow wilson 's life is just too large for a book this small 
books neg 331.txt the plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many . why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attach case , when we already know it was not in the car and we could tell them where it is ? we know where the precious document is : another useless quest . people are murdered by the half dozen , the characters are outrageous , most of the time improbable , and i felt the semi-erotic swimming episode totally stupid , not to mention the girl apologizing constantly about it . i have read much better books than that . sorry. . 
books neg 41.txt i know a lot of people liked this book , but i felt like it put too much pressure on me to pack on the pounds . i did n't realise so much of the book was focused on diet . it says you should plan on gaining a pound a week , and the more you gain the healthier your babies will be . well the first 13 weeks i managed to gain nothing , and i felt horrible about it , but food made me so sick the last thing i could do was eat more food to try to gain weight . the book said that according to my starting weight i should try to gain 50 - 60 pounds during my pregnancy ! i decided to stop reading the book , and so far , just going by what my gut says about what to eat and when , i 've managed to put on 20 pounds . my twins are measuring perfectly and are very healthy . this book is n't horrible , but i would check it out of a library or borrow it or buy it used , do n't spend the $ on a new one.. . and be prepared to put it down if it does n't sound right to you 
books neg 782.txt let me start by saying that normally i 'm a big popcorn fan . i read any article that she 's quoted in . i 've read " the popcorn report " at least twice and loved it . the same for " clicking . " great book . they 're part of my permanent library . so i was more than disappointed after the first few chapters of eveolution . i hung in there as long as i could , but the male bashing that pervades the early part of the book overwhelmed whatever golden nuggets were in its way . i just could n't tolerate reading any more . perhaps her comments about or against men are warranted in some people 's view , but i did n't see how they fit in with the intent of the book . the comments seemed gratuitous and unnecessary . so hopefully her next book will be better . 
books neg 653.txt i am sorry to say that i thoroughly disliked " of human bondage . " i know it is on every must read list for fiction ( which is why i decided to read it ) however , i just wonder how such a boring story can continually be relegated to such a hallowed position in literature ? not only did i find it dull but i was becoming increasingly uncomfortable with the main character 's perception of women ! i 'm not a feminist in the least but most of the female characters were described in such pathetic ways . " yellow teethed " " sallow skin " " dirty hands " " tear stained over powdered face " , it goes on and on . i wondered if the author was uncomfortable women ? i looked online for some information about maugham . to my surprise i found out that maugham was bisexual . he did marry and have a child but for most of his life it sounded like he was involved with men . in no way can i say this substantiates or confirms the tone of the book - - but in some way it answered my question or concern . instead of this book i 'd recommend the following classics : beautiful and damned by f . scott fitzgerald , madame bovary by flaubert . at least in these books , maybe the female characters are not the most virtuous but the characters are written with such sensuality that even though they might not be described as gorgeous they are brought to life in the pages by the author with a kaleidoscope of words that makes them multidimensional - - good or bad . 
books neg 939.txt i can attest to the author 's views , because i too have precognition , telepathy , and remote viewing ability . for example , right now i see the author counting his income from the book and laughing at the gullibility of new age readers . 
books neg 651.txt i am ashamed to say i read this entire book . i kept hoping it would get better but it didn't . it is filled with typos and poor organization of thoughts and topics . clarkson actually spells mel gibson 's name wrong several times throughout the book , and refers to lethal weapon director richard donner as " dormer " for several pages ! he jumps back and forth from one movie production to another making it difficult to follow . lastly , he relies on the accounts of people who had met mel gibson at one time but who had either a personal or professional conflict with him . in the retelling of these conflicts and what went down , we hear one point of view only - and generally that is the view of someone who is harboring bitterness and resentment towards gibson , so their accounts are slanted and untrustworthy . the best part of the book is the end for two reasons : clarkson finally gets to gibson 's most recent project , the passion of the christ . the subtitle and the picture on the back of the book gives the impression this project will be a major focus of the book , but after 300 pages of reading , i was still waiting for the subject to come up . i have to say i felt that this was the only well written part of the whole book - thoughtful and interesting . the second reason the end is the best part of the book is that it was finally over . i 'm sorry to be so blunt , but i ca n't help it . i highly recommend reading the book about the making of the passion of the christ - you can learn a lot about gibson there - but i cannot recommend this biography 
books neg 707.txt this book has a volume number - it is one of a series of monographs that have been published . i am looking volume 231 , but since you do n't mention the volume number i do n't know if this is the volume i 'm seeking . i will go elsewhere for my purchase 
books neg 785.txt do you like romance novels ? do you call your dogs your babies ? this is the book for you . the thriller aspect of this book is far overshadowed by the romance portion , and the annoyingly repetitious mentioning of the dog could possibly drive most readers over the edge . this was my first johansen novel , and it most certainly will be my last . two stars for actually wrapping up the story without leaving too many loose ends . 
books neg 176.txt i love heinlein . i think that he has a unique voice and perspective in the world of science fiction . i find that his plots and ideas are inventive . even this story was inventive in many ways , like some of the business ideas in regards to the new source of energy in the first chapters . however , i found this book as a whole to be very boring . much of this is due to the lack of fully fleshed characters . the & quot ; main&quot ; characters of each section of the book are n't fully realized at all . i would n't recommend this book unless you picked it up for free and were really , really bored 
books neg 931.txt a friend bought this book for my birthday - thank god i did n't pay for it . i 'm sure she meant well , as did many other friends who gave me a few guides for las vegas as i visited there for a holiday last month . all i can say is that out of all the travel books i had with me , this one was by far the most useless . outdated listings ( by a few years i would discover when i asked a few locals ) shallow writing and really off suggestions from this writer made this book a real stinker 
books neg 668.txt after reading a fine balance i could n't wait to read another book by this author . i then read his third book called family matters which was good but i was disappointed as it by no means compared to a fine balance . i just finished such a long journey and found it to be okay but very slow moving and downright boring in some spots . it is my least favorite of the three books by this author . it 's hard to believe that someone can right a book like a fine balance , which was magnificant and one of the best books i have ever read , and then turn our stuff that is , at best , average . 
books neg 560.txt well , the fact that i 'm writing a review about this book , while it 's sitting open on my desk next to my computer , open and not being read , might be some evidence of how i 'm enjoying this book . this book just goes on and on in complex an unclear language about a subject which should n't be so difficult . this book is not clear or easy to understand at all . every sentence is awkward and followed by a footnote , and the masses of footnotes together take up half of each page ( ! ) , making this work look like a research project for a phd publication . i have the casebook in this series , and sometimes it seems reading the cases alone will bring more clarity . and it turns to be true ! this book might be good if you 're advanted-contracts and want to know every little detail , or as an advanced reference later on , to look something up like in an encyclopedia . some concepts , which should be pretty clear just get too in-depth coverage in this book . it 's too complex for a first-year student . sometimes it starts describing the different views out there , and then there 's a jumble in your head as to what the law really is . i wish the author used his own knowledge and fluid language more than footnoted ideas from other authors . 
books neg 102.txt i ordered this book after reading the rave reviews and the who 's who of public school using this format . nowhere is it advertised or even mentioned that this is a christian book , espousing christian dogma and assumptions . i 'm surprised this is acceptable for use by government funded public schools . furthermore , there is a lot of non-scientific rhetoric in the book that eschews logical debate and exposition . i 'm very disappointed and consider this to be false advertising . some of the parenting tips are common sense that i did n't think needed to be reiterated . a person already interested enough in buying a book would already have the basics down . i was looking for more than that . the advertising led me to believe that the book would be about language manipulation , how to speak more effectively with children to ease the learning process . there is false logic in some of the parental mistakes . an example is always attributing " hovering parents " to ego issues , that a parent " needs to be needed " . some hovering parents are survivors of abuse and ca n't see the lines between normal risks and when a child is in real danger . false assumptions leads to false conclusions . i gave this 2 stars with the thought that someone who is so out of the loop and a danger to their child may read this book-at least could adopt some common sense . but it is n't helping my family . 
books neg 406.txt pretentious and boring , too clever for its own good , the only good chapters in this book are the ones about pontius pilate and jesus christ , and there 's not enough of that . and this was the michael glenny translation 
books neg 675.txt i was rather disappointed in mr. peterson 's work . he dwells much too long on trying to convince us of & quot ; the problem&quot ; . nearly the first half of the book is spent on statistic overload ! even after wading through the numbers and graphs , i am still skeptical of his conclusions and would caution readers to do further research . certainly the baby boomers are an aging bulge in the population of the us and will create some challenges . however , the author fails to mention the & quot ; echo boom&quot ; ( baby boomer 's children which are equal in number ) and he glosses over the impact of the huge young immigration population that comes into the country every year . both of these facts will & quot ; soften&quot ; the impact of the & quot ; gray doom&quot ; that mr. peterson tries to create . i just do n't anticipate the tremendous problem of which he tries to make us aware . but i did find interesting the apparently huge impact that abortions and birth control will have on our future . another disappointment was very little discussion of aging trends and buying habits . despite these shortcomings , i enjoyed parts of the book and it stimulated thinking about the future and the impact of aging populations 
books neg 949.txt i have several dummies books , from how to build a pc to ccna . i had to read this rediculous book when i worked for a very well known dsl provider on the east coast . this book was trivial , assumes that you are completely mindless and plugs certain products and services shamelessly . yes , i agree , hot bot is a pretty good search engine...but it is not the only one out there . this book has technical incosistansies throughout and is basically a really really long advertisement . easily the worst dummies book in print , and im not being a jerk , i love dummies books , ron gilster rocks , but this is absolute crap . you can honestly get more informed with a magazine 
books neg 33.txt if you are looking for a book that does a cover to cover job of bashing western civilization with complete and obvious bias , this is it . 
books neg 307.txt i 've read and enjoyed all the starfist novels . this is one of them in name only . it starts like a typical starfist novel and even ties in some references to charlie bass and high level politicians but there the similarity ends . i never did figure out what the author 's point was except perhaps to rake in some quick cash . the men of the fist are hard working , hard fighting marines who trace an honorable history back to the us marines of the 19th & 20th century . these " force recon " marines are a ruthless bunch of screw-ups who could trace their ancestry back to the waffen ss . rather than root for them i soon found myself rooting for the opposition . they invade a fellow member of the confederation , screw-up their primary assignment , fail to get the info they were sent for , kill allied soldiers and airmen , murder helpless civilian prisoners , and assinate the leader of a confederation allied state . someone should remind the authors that recon is about getting accurate , timely , information . it 's not about blowing things up . i really wasted my money on this book , i definitely wo n't be the first lemming off the cliff the next time these authors have something to peddle . 
books neg 632.txt after reading this book , it was apparent to me that the author was implying that nixon was a dark and grumpy man who needed his image repackaged . mcginnis boasts of nixon and his pr teams ability to hide the & quot ; true&quot ; nixon and to trick the public into voting for his image . he proclaims that the real nixon was the one that the country saw debating kennedy on tv in 1960. nothing could be further from the truth . first off , nixon won the 1960 election but did not contest the results for the good of the nation . all historians admit that jfk had help from daily in illinois and lbj in texas . furthermore , in the 1960 debates , nixon had a high fever and was recently out of the hospitable and jfk 's staff broke into the basement of the studio and turned up the heat to make him sweat ! if anyone decieved the voters with his image , it was jfk using his dramatic but bubbly rhetoric and not backing it up and jfk the family man and the idealist . jfk exploited the missile gap , had numerous affairs , assassinated ngo dihn diem , wire tapped martin luther king , screwed up the bay of pigs , and had ties to the mafia ! now , i could be wrong , but jfk 's campaign sounds like a true selling of the president . ' selling of the president ' has little credible content but infact is a good historical document that portrays left wing propaganda of the 1960s 
books neg 537.txt this is a tough read . he gets so bogged down in the details that i forgot what i was reading about 
books neg 157.txt i am soooo glad that i checked this out of the library and did n't pay for this garbage . i really should of listened to the reviews on this book before i wasted a day reading it . actually , about half-way through i skimmed . the first couple chapters were n't bad , but the rest was just awful . gracie , her ex-husband , her friends...they are the most pathetic , shallow bunch of fakes i 've ever read about . what 's even worse is that 's the authors real life ( maybe not the divorce part , but the rest of it ) . in the end , all i have to say is do n't waste your time ! ! i should of listened to the others , but i did n't , and now i regret that i wasted so much time when i could of been reading something worth while . 
books neg 133.txt it took two people to write this book ? i was pleased to see a chick lit book for the 40-something reader but this book really was a waste of my time . you can see the ending a mile away , for one , but that did n't really bother me . it was the writing . the main character suffers from a syndrome that 's unfortunately common to chick-lit heroines , which is to speak in an overly quippy , aren't -i-clever with my snappy dialog way . nearly every one of her sentences included a quip / joke ( or a quippy thought in her head as she spoke ) . real people just do n't talk that way , and it makes it impossible to relate to or care about her . by the way , my copy had the first chapter of these authors ' next book attached at the end , and they 've basically created the same two main characters : the quippy single mom and her ridiculously glamorous best friend . i wo n't bother with it 
books neg 308.txt how can a best-selling author like simon winchester take an event as exciting as the san francisco earthquake of 1906 and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest ? one answer : write as if you had just discovered an adjective mine and were free to throw in extra descripitive terms on every line until listeners scream for an end to florid phrases . another : strive to break the record for most clich ? s in a single paragraph . finally : write about events in 1906 as if no one but simon winchester had ever before thought about their consequences - - thus , everything in this tedious narrative becomes about simon . simon and the raccoons ; simon on the failing american economy ; simon attempting to reproduce american accents . this is a cd set for avoiding 
books neg 660.txt not easy for any beginner to use . unless you knew exactly what kind of silver you were trying to identify i.e. english , scottish , irish.. . etc , it was a bit confusing . marks are black & amp ; white , some not showing very good clarity and everything is in extremely in small print . if you just want to sort through tons of marks and dates , this may be for you . if you want information about your piece , pass it up 
books neg 352.txt it 's a long read , the characters are boring , and the ending makes no sense at all . it is neither funny nor thrilling . it 's just plain dull 
books neg 941.txt it 's surprising to see how much the front and back cover promise only to find out how little information and substance it actually delivers . the book is very basic providing mostly very general information . the chapter on shift levers is particularly incomplete with outdated examples and few details on maintenance and repairs . the book may suffer from trying to cover both road and mountain bikes and doing a poor job with both . certainly wo n't purchase another book recommended or endorsed by bicycling magazine 
books neg 475.txt i was so upset after i finished reading this book . i wish it was n't updated and they just kept it in its original version . if you are looking for a historical information of how the samurai lived and their values , this is the wrong book . read bushido : the soul of japan . the code of the samurai really felt like the code of the japanese business man 
books neg 670.txt i know all this stuff seems like a good idea but have we forgotten ghb ? that was supposedly the fountain of youth a few years ago and now no one hardly even talks about it . let me let you in on a little secret , ghb turned out to be a very addictive substance and in fact a handy little trick to get a girl naked without any problems like dinner movie or even her knowing you for that matter . like hgh , everyone jumped on it before all the data was in . please put your money away and be safe . a pretty face is n't worth the trouble this could potentially cause . and lets be realistic at 60 you really wo n't ever look 20 again and the weight you would have lost will be the money leaving your pocket book and not the fat from your thighs . work out , do yoga , and eat a healthy vegetarian diet and you ca n't go wrong . also , when i stopped eating sugar the cellulite also disappeared and so did those extra pounds 
books neg 992.txt this is a very popular book , which is sad because it 's highly biased . she provides evidence , but only uses the 10th that corroborates her story . christian study maybe , christian fact , very loosely 
books neg 405.txt i was reading about my son . it all sounded familiar and the concepts and suggestions made good sense . really talked about a framework of letting the decision making ( and the consequence of their decision ) remain with the teen . then half way the book screeched in a new direction . all of a sudden the book went from experienced practitioner point of view to subjective parent point of view . when it comes to sex the authors do n't want you to leave the decision with the teens , they want to take that one back , which weakens the premise they present . the authors danced around abstinence while never taking a really firm position - which i would have respected , if not agreed with . then in the middle of that chapter one of the authors invokes christ into the conversation / solution . if i knew this book was written in context of a particular belief system , i would n't have spent the $22. i would have wanted to know that in advance . tripping over this midbook has completely disappointed me and diminished the content and message of this book . buyer bewar 
books neg 689.txt i admittedly have not completed the full book , as it is thick . however i do find that the narrative focuses on the reactive rather than the proactive tools needed for dfss . for example almost all the examples given in section 2 talk about an existing system or process and there does n't seem to be any design examples and how the stats are used to solve the design problems . i therefore think the book is more about six sigma than dfss . barry 
books neg 821.txt this book was as much the author 's opinion and imagination as anything else . he makes claims that are not substiantiated by facts , biblical or otherwise . i will not purchase further books by this author 
books neg 301.txt same ole same ole , just another way for her to make a buck . shame 
books neg 985.txt i had high expectations for this book , but i was disappointed . it concentrated too much on digital systems , rather than broadening the definition of noise to cover the natural environment . i lost interested in the last 1 / 3 of the book , and could n't wait to finish 
books neg 440.txt this book is an excellent reference book for the serious ghost hunter / paranormal investigator . provides good case histories as well as " ghost stories " that can be used as examples on investigations 
books neg 915.txt a singularly dull book , the characterizations seemed flat and the peg on which the novel is hung , a south victorious with modern weapons , seemed too trivial . the author has to make something compelling in that conceit or for the reader the book will mean nothing . unfortunately there seems little real purpose to the idea unless one finds the characterizations of historical figures believable and they are not . the character of robert e . lee in the book is just too , too good to be sympathetic or even credible and the stock characters that pop up to lend support seem like cardboard cutouts . i finally felt that the book was going in such an obvious direction that i put it down halfway through . i am not sure if it turns out the way i think but frankly there was nothing in the first half of the book to make me care one way or the other 
books neg 79.txt tim lahaye , jerry jenkins , and others in the pre-trib circle , such as ed hindson , tommy ice , chuck missler , etc. , continue to put forth the same deceptions that hal lindsey popularized decades ago . the notion of a pre-tribulation rapture is foreign to scripture , it is foreign to the teachings of the early church , and it is grooming the church for destruction through ignorance and lack of preparation for what is really coming . these men are novices and not prophecy " experts " or " scholars " by any stretch of the imagination ; they are those who tickle the ears of gullible christians . why continue to be deceived ? tim cohen , in his excellent book , the antichrist and a cup of tea , provides biblically sound and testable evidence to show that the coming antichrist is known now . not only that , the same author ( tim cohen ) has now put out the strongest presentation on the whole issue of the rapture ever offered to the saints of god in christ : the real rapture . if you really want to know the truth about the timing of the coming rapture , then you need to hear tim cohen 's the real rapture ( based on a volume in his forthcoming " messiah , history , and the tribulation period " series ( see prophecy house 's web site for details on these items ) 
books neg 708.txt ...if you 're in the bathroom with time on your hands ! i must admit that i did finish this book and was glad that the ordeal was over . puzo ( like leon uris ) definitely lost the touch near the end of his career and this book is no exception . in just a few hundred pages , president kennedy ii is shown as a tyrant , a socialist , a reactionary , a humanitarian , a political bumbler , a visionary of usa utopia , a man who would kill a few thousand citizens to save himself from impeachment , a liar who can beat the ultimate lie detector , a dear and loving husband / father , etc....how many characters must one man be ? and what 's this odd sub-plot of a former-mormon / hollywood oddball who on a whim ( in less than 10 seconds of consideration when the opportunity presents itself ) decides to kill the president of the united states . once again another character with fourteen different personalities ! . puzo even got his basic facts wrong about the mormons ( he should have stuck with the catholic church ) . i would hate to be washed up on a deserted island and find this book washed up on the shore next to me ! i would go crazy reading it again 
books neg 819.txt this book was given to me by my cousin who thought i might find faith after hearing the eulogy i gave at my father 's funeral a year ago , in which i professed that i do not know if there is a god or not , but that the best we can do is be good people . i am agnostic , in that i am fully aware that there is no factual evidence that god exists and that there is no evidence that god does not exist . to be clear - if there was , i am pretty sure it would be widely publicized . the gift was a loving gesture and i am sincerely appreciative of it . however , i have several issues with the book . more than i can possibly iterate at this point . this book does not even mention agnosticism . as the author was educated at yale , i am sure he must be aware of agnosticism and chose to omit it from his book . i can only presume that it was omitted with a reason , perhaps it was too hard to explain in the face of his assertion that there is evidence for god ( see below - all circumstantial and requiring leaps of faith ) . without getting into too many specifics , the evidence he uses in the case for faith comes from obviously christian sources - which are surely biased . this is equivalent to reporting on terrorist acts by only interviewing terrorists . certainly one 's reporting would be validating reasons for such atrocities . to be clear i am only drawing this distinction to make the point - a true investigative reporter would look to include both sides of the story and present facts as opposed to opinion . had strobel intended to provide a balanced view , he would have used non-christian scientists and believers of various faiths . strobel 's statements portend to be fact , but are generally lacking any actual evidence and in some cases are easily determined to be incorrect . a couple of examples are 1 ) his statement that buddhism says there is no god ( various sects of buddhism believe in gods , state there is no creator god or do not take a stand on the matter ) and 2 ) his statements on lack of evidence for evolution - specifically macroevolution ( which is fairly well supported by actual evidence and observation - and believed to be accurate by 99% of biologists ) . regarding evolution , there is actually evidence for macroevolution - although he claims there is none . this is where i have serious problems with the book . in my opinion , the book is more for current believers who need / desire to strengthen their faith , which i believe is a good thing . however , his information lacks factual support and evidence , which to me is a bad thing . i believe that most of the people who would read it would not get to the point of questioning the information in it . if one were to question it , one could easily find their faith destroyed if the information one held to be true ( and which subsequently was the basis for faith ) is found to be false . he states that there is evidence for intelligent design ; however the evidence he offers is only theory in the colloquial sense - i.e. a guess . the theory of evolution is a theory in the scientific sense - i.e. supported by on observation and evidence . another example is when strobel quotes " ...when it comes right down to it , the only person or thing i know of worth my faith - the only one supported by the evidence of history and archaeology and literature and experience - is jesus . " the buddha ( meaning one who is awake ) , or siddhartha gautama ( his real name ) , was an actual person , supported by all of the above listed proof of jesus . mohammad was also an actual person supported by all of the above . his 3 reasons for disbelief in reincarnation ( for regular people ) : 1 ) if james loses 3 pounds , he is still james , if he becomes a grasshopper he is not james - because he is not human 2 ) support for past lives - such as memories , are explainable by psychological explanations , lucky guesses , or demonic possession 3 ) the only expert on this question , jesus of nazareth , said it does n't happen . to respond : 1 ) to believe in resurrection , one must believe that there is a substance which makes us who we are that is not tied to our earthly form . it is not tied to being human , but to existing . 2 ) how do you discount the possibility that reincarnation exists by asserting that demon possession exists - there is factual evidence for neither . 3 ) to be in line with this reason , one must already accept the divinity of jesus and that the resurrection actually happened . his arguments for the truth of the resurrection ( below ) are weak and offer no support for the fact , only that people claimed it happened . we should not confuse the fact that jesus existed with the belief that he was the son of god and specifically that he was reincarnated . here are his proof that god exists : 1 ) god makes sense of the universe 's origin 2 ) god makes sense of the universe 's complexity 3 ) god makes sense of moral values ( his argument is - if there are absolute moral values then god must exists god makes sense of the resurrection ( see proof below ) . 4 ) god can be immediately experienced . to respond : 1 ) theories can be used to explain phenomenon that correlate to reality , but are not truly an explanation of reality . one still must take a leap of faith to believe his assertion . while it may explain questions about the universe - how do we know it to be accurate ? put another way , there are other explanations that could wrap up the universe - additionally , one presumes he is speaking of the christian god and discounting other belief systems . 2 ) see my first objection . same point . 3 ) science believes in hard observable facts being the basis for making assertions . the basis of scientific fact is that it is able to be recreated by anyone . to take the leap from the fact that there are widely accepted truths to being proof of god requires faith . he gives examples of ideas that most of the civilized world thinks are wrong , and uses them as the basis for absolute moral values . he omits that moral values have changed over time and are evolving . while i do believe that things are wrong , one can easily recognize that they are not always absolute...for example , it is not ok to kill , unless you are in danger - or the other person killed others ( presuming you believe in capital punishment ) . 4 ) his example here is that you cannot prove the world exists...fair enough , but one can prove there are universally experienced events that we can demonstrate over and over again . for example , we can do a physics experiment and everyone involved will see the same results ( barring psychological conditions ) . while we may not be able to prove that the world exists , we can confirm common experience , which is essentially what the world is...the ground on which we all interact - whether or not that is created in the mind ( the example he gives for how the world may not exist is that all of the world may only be in our mind ) . proof jesus was resurrected : 1 ) the location of jesus ' burial was widely known and agreed on . 2 ) the sunday after his crucifixion the tomb was empty , which is agreed upon by many ( or all ) . 3 ) various groups of people experienced appearances of jesus alive again . 4 ) the original disciples suddenly and sincerely believe that jesus was risen from the dead - even enough to die for this belief . to respond : 1 ) this is fact and jesus did exist . not sure how it relates to his divinity . 2 ) this could be explained in several ways , hard to use this as proof of his divinity . one can suppose it is , but it takes a leap of faith - this book is supposed to explain how to have faith - but continually requests we make leaps of faith . 3 ) writings of people who claims to experience jesus can hardly be taken as fact . other religious text would claim the same about their prophets , gods , etc. 4 ) the disciples had a vested interest in proclaiming the divinity of jesus . this is not actual evidence . this is equivalent to stating that the bible is true because it says it is true . additionally , strobel chooses which parts of the bible are literal and which are metaphorical . in dealing with " objection 5 " strobel notes that the descriptions of hell in the bible are metaphorical . it is hard to discern how someone can pick and choose which parts of the bible are literal and which are metaphorical . it is convenient to do so when your explanations support your understanding . i am not sure how you justify doing this . he states that only one religion can be right or god is schizophrenic . one supposes his assertion is that christianity is the one true religion or god is schizophrenic . this again is a leap of faith . one must also presume that the various religions are not human error in interpreting god 's message . my stand is this , we do not know , and to have faith is great , however by creating a context in which one can have faith by providing erroneous and undeniably false / biased information , a false faith is created . faith should be born out of one 's desire and belief system . one should not need to discount others because of their faith . to me , doing so indicates weakness in their faith - not strength . 
books neg 62.txt how can a best-selling author like simon winchester take an event as exciting as the san francisco earthquake of 1906 and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest ? one answer : write as if you had just discovered an adjective mine and were free to throw in extra descripitive terms on every line until listeners scream for an end to florid phrases . another : strive to break the record for most clich ? s in a single paragraph . finally : write about events in 1906 as if no one but simon winchester had ever before thought about their consequences - - thus , everything in this tedious narrative becomes about simon . simon and the raccoons ; simon on the failing american economy ; simon attempting to reproduce american accents . this is a cd set for avoiding 
books neg 578.txt while the book covers some interesting aspects of mid and high model rocketry , it is not as comprehensive as other books and dated given the advances in the hobby of the past years . if you are looking for a book to complement your model rocketry library , this will be a useful addition . if you are looking to take the step from basic model rocketry into mid or high power model rocketry , there are other books that better describe " how to " . 
books neg 247.txt i finished it because a friend recommended it , but had she not , i would have quit after page 20. i was n't interested in the story or writing . i did n't find the story grotesque ; i 've read a lot worse dealing with the various topics in this book , but i just did n't find the protagonist very interesting . he went a bit nutty at the end and it is understandable given the situation . we learn about why he had to stick so tenaciously to his religious beliefs , to redeem himself . his actions did n't seem out of line , either during the war or during the plague , given his dire predicament and previous behaviors and experiences . i know this is a great example of a book written in second person , and perhaps for that it is worth reading . i would n't pick it up for enjoyment or leisure 
books neg 982.txt for all of you looking for that favorite book " the silly book " , join my club ( not literally ) . the book that has the ode to boodleheimer was written by stoo hample not babette cole . i have been searching for this book for years . good luck everyone , and let me know if you find an extra copy for sale 
books neg 199.txt a very broad list of questions with high level answers . i would n't buy this book if i were looking for a deep framework to handle this topic 
books neg 643.txt as my brother said when flipping through this book , " if girls start acting like guys then what do we need them for ? " why should you pretend to be someone or something you 're not to get a guy ? if someone dumps you because you like mushy love songs , cry at sad movies , like babies and puppies , or because you have embarrassing girl products in your medicine cabinet , he is n't worth it anyway ! and why on earth would you sleep with someone who did n't love you enough to want you around the next morning ? " think like a guy " does n't guarantee you a perfect relationship anymore than the rules or stop getting dumped or mars and venus or any of the other ridiculous relationship books that have been popular over the last few years . be yourself . if a man ca n't deal with that , then he is n't the right one for you 
books neg 360.txt this novel comes off like a high schooler wanting to write about the movie and music industries . in between the entertainment biz cliches , the author can only think to put various assination hits . some of the characters are interesting but not believable , and they certainly ca n't make up for the braindead plot . read some of his other novels and skip this one 
books neg 564.txt i must say that this book does has a lot of pictures in it showing the aspects of shakespear 's world and plays . they are very good and intertaining but i must warn you that the book has a whole chapter with illustrations ( in detail ) of people having sex . the book is probably very good if you like reading text books , and do n't mind these pictures , but i was just too grossed out . if you are teaching lit in college and / or studying shakespeare , this is probably the book that you should use , but you should flip through the book first ( i.e : library , book store ) to see if that is what you want on your book shelves . 
books neg 363.txt turn of the century continues to serve a most useful purpose , months after i gave up on it . i have a door that rattles if it 's not wedged open and t-o-c is just big enough and heavy enough to do the job on its own . i struggled , oh how i struggled to try and even begin to understand some of the characters . i stirred the pages wildly while i waited for the plot to thicken . i fought against closing eyelids while the book became heavier and heavier . i searched my abridged guide to good grammar to see if i had missed a couple of chapters explaining that sentences after all do n't need a subject , a verb and an object - or even a permutation of two out of three . i left it on the front doorstep hoping somebody would steal it . i offered it to my neighbor so he could jack up his car . i considered lighting the fire with it . i wondered whether , if i took just a few pages a day , i could eat it and get rid of the evidence . i offered it to my mother-in-law for christmas . i took it scuba diving with me instead of a weight belt . and then , eventually , voila ! the rattling door ! what a fine tome t-o-c is . another few hundred pages [...] and i could have used it as a sea anchor for the titanic 
books neg 857.txt i have progressively become more and more disappointed with rita mae brown 's books in the past decade . her early books were utterly magnificent ; now , she rarely if ever deviates from her favorite ( and by now , utterly boring ) themes - - southern manners , horse bloodlines , and foxhunting . blessedly , " whisker of evil " was foxhunting-free , but suffered from a heavy-handed overload of the previous two . rita mae brown would be wise to remember that there is a big world outside of her corner of virginia , and many of us have grace , manners , and respect for others - - and we do n't take kindly to being told that only virginians understand these things . that 's just simply not true . that said , there were some delightful aspects of " whisker of evil " - - the mystery itself was great , the animal characters were adorable as ever , and i loved learning more about harry as a person and what makes her tick . her quitting the post office was a great ( and very unexpected ) twist . i liked reading more about her home and her relationships . however , the stultifying minutiae of horse bloodlines was beyond me ; was this directed at a heretofore-unknown segment of rita mae brown 's fan base ? it was so out of context in this book ; certain details contributed to the horses ' relationships to one another , but she took it way too far and i found myself skipping pages . as well , i almost threw the book across the room when i came across a line that stated in so many words that only virginians have manners . this is a common theme of ms. brown 's and it is quite frankly offensive . there is a big , big world outside of virginia - - rita mae brown should know this , she has lived in it - - but her books and characters have become so parochial , insular and snobbish that it is an insult to those of us who do live elsewhere in that big world . i would have thought these kinds of statements were tongue-in-cheek if it was n't such a recurring theme in so many of her books over the past decade . enough already about southern manners ( a biased perception at best ) , ancestor worship , bloodlines ( human and horse ) , and foxhunting . whatever happened to characters like celeste chalfonte 
books neg 892.txt this book is for the diehard dave navarro fans only . the only reason i gave it 2 stars was that the use of instamatic photos in the book is creative . the text is nothing more than diary entries by the guitarist . neil straus approached writing the dirt with motley crue is a much more creative way which kept me interested . this book falls short unless i would have been inclined to want to see things dave 's way . i grew restless of this pretty quickly 
books neg 661.txt i found two paperbacks at work , which were both thriller series , both written by women , both having two word titles with the first word being " blind . " one of the two i found exciting and satisfying , and eagerly read it . that was not this book . at first , i thought it was just me . unlike others , i found it easy to get into the book . but i found it too new age for me . between eve talking to her dead daughter to the creepy aldo to jane 's connection with the murdered cira , i decided i did n't need to read the whole novel and checked to make sure jane and trevor survived . maybe this was n't iris johansen 's best book . but i 'm not going to be trying any of her others , based on this one 
books neg 494.txt i could n't finish this book after readng " fairytale . " misfit insecure caucasian male falls for asian stripper / prostitute after she listens to him talk about the odor of his sweat in the outdoor markets . i thought possibly this story reveals a lot about olen butler . he wrote about this relationship with such relish , he sounds to me like a p.c. caucasian who is drawn in patronizing fashion to the " otherness " of asian people and does n't see them for what they are , just wants them to appreciate big strong white man . i thought it interesting that in the story the woman never mentions to the man that she already has a young son living with her mother . so she was not honest with him . but olen butler wrote about her as if this stripper / pros . was wonderful , the kind of wife any man would want . i shook my head and thought , " you have issues . " probably if she were caucasian he would not want to get near her for fear of catching something . after this the other stories just did not appeal to me 
books neg 557.txt cooper 's book is yet another warm and fuzzy management guru text - - - from yet another management guru who never served a day as a real manager , of a real company . it contains all sorts of motherhood and apple pie stories - - - along with trite sayings such as & quot ; when you find a back door that 's open , close it&quot ; or my personal favorite & quot ; use the lanterns of your life to help light the way . &quot ; if you 're looking for an inspirational book , one with a solid basis , forget this one . you 'd be better off reading the daily horoscope 
books neg 50.txt ethan mordden 's editors have allowed him to ruin what could possibly have been a good book . this is the worst of his books on the various decades of the broadway musical as the faults of the seventies book have widened into gulfs . his political ramblings ( often just slightly right of ann coulter and making as much sense ) seep through the book , dragging it down . the french people are slammed a number of times , along with the aclu , burt lancaster ( apparently , according to ethan a good friend of stalin ) and the left in general , while the author defends bush ( and it does take some looking back over the page to figure out how he fits all this into a book on musical theatre ) . the author 's train of thought wanders like a bitter old man all over the page in search of a target , any target . it is often hard to stomach . the truly sad fact about this is that the author often has quite cogent things to say about a particular musical and when he does stick to that , it can actually make one want to look at the work again . an editor should have cleaned the work up before before allowing it on stage to greet its public . the author is capable of better work 
books neg 209.txt gerd ludemann writes , " historical research shows with definite clarity that jesus was not raised from the dead...we must acknowledge...a worldwide historical hoax " , ( 190 ) . a summary review of his treatment will be sufficient to demonstrate that his conclusion is preposterously more forceful than even his strongest individual argument can support . three streams of thought permeate " the resurrection of christ " : gospel writers each reworked tradition so as to embellish , invent , or explain away ; peter and paul experienced hallucination and " vision " experiences proceeding from self-deception ; belief in the supernatural is for the ignorant and unscientific . each of these bespeaks either erroneous assumptions , or avoidance of two hundred years of scholarly response against counter-christian polemic . in his chapter " translation and analysis of the early christian texts on the resurrection " , ludemann applies a pattern of subtexts which he titles " purpose and tradition reworked " ( re . gospel writers ) , and " historical elements " . in the former he charges the gospel writers with adding to early tradition simply to reinforce their individual apologetic , or perhaps ( he intimates ) to cover up some element of embarrassment . for example , ludemann asserts that we may conclude that joseph of arimathea was a member of the jewish council ( which condemned jesus ) , but that mark ( earliest gospel ) " likely " invented notions that the same was waiting for the kingdom of god and had become a disciple of jesus . but ludemann needs to discredit such notions , for all four gospel writers record joseph as the rich council member that buried jesus in his own tomb . ludemann 's case will be much weaker if jesus is actually buried in a tomb that could be checked later to refute resurrection claims or appearances . ludemann gets carried away with himself when he , in tabloid fashion , suggests that perhaps the gospel writer is trying to " disinfect a tradition...of a dishonorable burial " of jesus . this is entirely ad hoc and enjoys absolutely no support from the texts he purports to analyze . ludemann goes so far as to accuse matthew , mark and luke of being anti-jewish ! ( refer to the ridiculous appendix 3 ) . is christianity a " history of self deception " ? ludemann invests in the rather high-risk prospect of hallucination ; for the burden is on ludemann to successfully argue against several strains of evidence for the physical appearances of jesus available in the new testament . that any explanation can be posited does not equal all explanations are equally valid . ludemann simply fails to evince that we ought to prefer hallucination as that which is best attested to by the various strata of available evidence . 1 corinthians 15 is the new testament text historians consistently refer to as central to the discussion of jesus ' multiple appearances . even critical scholars date the creedal portion of the text ( vs. 3-5 ) to the early 30 's ad . the discussion advances from death to burial to resurrection , three physical events . also , the post resurrection gospel narratives speak of jesus eating and offering his body for examination , as well as being hugged ! ludemann though , convinced that he has dispensed with those gospel narratives after the fashion mentioned above , and prejudiced by his atheistic presuppositions , introduces hallucination . what accounts for these hallucinations ? " peter 's vision is an example of unsuccessful mourning " ( 165 ) . paul 's " event had a character of light and , like the vision of john , happened in the spirit , i.e. , in ecstasy " ( 47 ) . but paul does not report " i was in the spirit " as john does ( see revelation 1 ) . john is deliberately conveying a non-physical experience . paul is not . when paul does have opportunity to convey an actual " in the spirit " experience , he does so in terms appropriate to that experience ( 2 corinthians 12:2 ) . so we have record of paul 's ability to intentionally differentiate between the physical and the purely spiritual . ludemann employs his fanciful tendencies beyond credulity when he engages " modern depth psychology " to explain paul 's conversion from zealous persecutor of christians to " apostle-in-chief of a new program of salvation " ( 170-171 ) . so , we may more accurately adduce historical veracity from a study of paul 's subconscious state , than from the widely accepted facts of jesus death , burial , empty tomb and appearances ! ludemann 's examination of history fails for he maintains a priori rejection of the supernatural . historians look for the best explanation of the evidence . yet ludemann writes , " who decides at what point of historical study a ` theological explanation ' ought to begin " ( 201 ) . this is rife with misunderstanding . one need only confirm that an event occurred in history , regardless of theological implications . also , simple and sophisticated philosophic arguments conclude that theism ( thus supernaturalism ) is an entirely logical proposition . yet ludemann quotes another author , " [the disciples] believed in phantoms ; ... imagined that they were surrounded by miracles ; ... took no part whatsoever in the positive science of the time . " ( 175 ) . this ignores the new testament textual evidence that initially jesus ' disciples did not believe the resurrection had happened , and in other places they marveled at his many miraculous works . even their primitive sense of science informed their lack of expectation for such a miracle ! ludemann is exactly right when he agrees with paul that if there is no resurrection , we should abandon christianity . sadly , he reaches the wrong conclusion . self deluded by a proliferation of " one can imagine " , " seems to indicate " , " likely enough " , and " one thus suspects " reasoning , ludemann boasts " accepting my perishability gives rise to a truer easter vision " . ( 210 ) . may the reader decide otherwise 
books neg 756.txt i have not read the original version of this work , but the translation lacks originality and art . a beautiful story , but the writing style lacks grace and creativity . this is the only time i have liked a movie better than the book . do yourself a favor and skip the book . the movie is quite beautiful and moving 
books neg 201.txt i love judith mcnaught 's work . her historicals are stellar one-of-kind novels that pull at your heart strings . in my opinion all of her historicals are winners . some of her contemporary works are fabulous as well - perfect and paradise to name a few . there are other contemporary flops though ( remember when , triumphant heart , etc ) . every breath you take was such a disappointment . the plot , character development , and writing was not up to par . i found it very hard to believe that a couple could fall in love in 2 days , be separated for two years and then fall back in love instantly upon meeting again . it was really forced . someone mentioned it was " amatuerish " and i have to agree . i think anyone could have written this novel . i understand that the book was rushed , and to tell you the truth it reads like a novel that was written in a mad dash . i love judith but this book was just terrible 
books neg 576.txt i was n't aware the only swords that existed and were noteworthy enough to grace the pages of an encyclopedia were european . seems to me much is left out by ignoring the eastern blades 
books neg 317.txt let me get myself straigh here first . i have always been a fan of the artemis fowl series even though its started to fall into ruins . i loved the first one , and it was a wicked twist to the standard fairy tale stuff i ussually have to plow through , with the protangonist antoagonizing the fairies , instead of saving them from some kind of " evil " foe . also the fairies were pretty cool , and had all of the problems of normal people such as sexism . they were high tech and armed with laser guns . unfortunately the author put artemis on the helping side of the fairies which took out some of the pizzaz . now let me rewiew this particular book . its a horrible read . who in their right mind would read something about a twelwe year old kid who investigates mysteries with no new innovative concepts ? no me . now add the fact that this mystery is completely absurd , i mean seriously a " barbie " doll girl who gets kids expelled from school just because they 're boys . how old is the author anyways ? two years old ? well obviously he 's not married thats for sure . i always thought that these books were aimed at 13 and 14 year olds , not four year olds . anyways enough of that , the author also proceeds to put in someothing about a talent show and other garbage abouta possesive father . i read colfer because he writes futuristic books , that are predominetely fantasy not preschool level books about an obssesed teen ager who does n't even solve robberies , instead he investigates some dumb boys vs girls war . all of the wicked humor is lost , there is no action whatsoever , the main charecter is n't a genius with wicked humor , and the book reeks of drawn of bits from the others . heavily downgraded , adn obviously the worst parts . do not even read this thing . get some other artemis fowl books , or read alex rider , . thats a very good read . 
books neg 942.txt after reading the trilogy , i was left wondering what the hell happened ? i have just read all 3 of the his dark materials trilogy and what was a strong start in book 1 and 2 is utterly demolished in this clunker . pullman allowed his eagerness to bash religion to completely destroy an engaging story - one of the most creative stories i 've come across in 20 years of reading fantasy . there is n't even a remote chance of a sequel to fix up this mess . if you look up ` anticlimax ' in the dictionary , you 'll see a picture of this book . from first page to last , time is wasted on boring characters , while all the good ones are either killed off , or just mia for the entire book . spoilers ahead . what about lyra and her parents ? somehow , she never knows what happened to them and after all she has been through is supposed to be content with going back to school like a good little girl ? she never even confronts them to try and understand their motivations . and will just goes back with mary malone to her apartment so they can figure out how to avoid the cops . over a cup of tea , naturally . and that 's it for him . in addition to all that , this book does n't even seem to be connected to the first two . none of the characters resonate they way they used to and instead of being good friends , will and lyra fall in love and have sex at the tender age of 11 or 12 . . . all in the last 30 pages . what happened to the story , for cripes sake ? ! and what happened to the ` temptation ' ? was choosing not to stay with will her way of not succumbing to it ? the whole premise is just so lame to start out with . as an earlier reviewer pointed out all the windows that were opened for centuries did n't endanger the universe , why not leave one open for 60 or 70 years to give lyra and will a chance to know each other . the flimsy reasoning behind this is just as contrived as their sudden and immediate love for one another . supposedly , they had more than gonads going for them , they survived death together ! pullman did n't feel like thinking it through , he just wanted a gut wrenching ending . in addition to that , he wanted to mock the reader by taunting us with the ` reality ' of knowing that nothing they did in the trilogy has any hope or meaning . all of will and lyra 's efforts are futile , kind of like - guess what ? religion for the rest of us morons . after having the reader go through endless pages on the mulefa-elephant aliens or whatever , ultimately the characters the reader wants to know about disappear with barely a whimper . iorek byrnison , lee scoresby - instead we get page after page about mary malone the disaffected former nun . pullman all but pants in his eagerness to give the finger to anyone of us who believes in him or anything for that matter ! this is not children 's literature , it 's a hate ridden manifesto that is more suitable for adults who at least have some way of maintaining some sort of perspective throughout this sloppy mess . it 's totally dishonest to sell this as a children 's book , or even as a competent work of fiction . all of the painstaking work of the first two books is undone with this one . we never get closure on lyra 's parents . we never really understand what dust is and where it comes from . we never see will reunited with his mother . we get a lame battle where ` god ' dies and no one even knows why or how . lyra and will fall in love , but have to ` sacrifice ' it so that all the windows to other worlds can be shut forever , with only flimsy reasoning behind it . the mulefa and mary malone 's work together amounts to nothing , everyone just goes home . presumably , will goes home , although we never see it . all that yearning after his mother and so forth . . .nothing . the major enemies are killed off too easily - and what about armageddon ? what happened to the fortress and all the rebel angels and . . .you get the idea . it all just sort of disovles . mary forgot to be the serpent , or else i missed that in one of the countless pages on the mulefa . another reader pointed out : " phillip pullman could have written a masterpiece with this series . instead , the story falls flat under the weight of the author 's own agendas and mockeries . what a waste of time . i ca n't believe this book actually won awards . it stopped being thought-provoking and started being inane and silly . " it would have been better if lyra had just awakened one morning and it was all a dream . instead , relearning how to read the alethiometer will somehow enable her to build the kingdom of heaven in the course of her lifetime . absurd . this was one of the most disappointing and infuriating reads of my life . 
books neg 141.txt clearly the tens of millions of fouls who read this racist crap fail to see it for exactly what is ; an endorsement of ethnic cleansing . if the tables were turned and a jew , or a muslim wrote a series in which anyone who disagreed with judaism , or islam was brutally murdered than the same fundamentalists idiots who take such disgusting pleasure out of this garbage would go simply ape s**t . i do not know what is more pathetic the fact that there are actually fundamentalist lunatics out there who write this truly unforgivable racist garbage , or the large number of dimwits out who eagerly wait to throw their money away on each installment of hateful filth ! ! 
books neg 251.txt having read detective comics #471-479 in the 70s done by this same creative team , i picked this up , hoping for more of the same . what a let-down ! i have to ask - what happened ! ? the art on those erstwhile 70s issues was the finest , most detailed art i 'd ever seen in a comic-book . i think that was due mostly to the inking of terry austin . when he was working on x-men , he gave john bryne 's pencils that fine detail as well . has austin done a ' gil kane ' and given up his nib-and-ink to work with marker-pen ? this dark detective series shows none of the fine-ness of his previous work . you only have to compare the ' flash-backs ' of this series to the original detective comics issues to see that something is wrong . maybe austin or rogers are getting older , but the artwork is very basic , and lacks the sheen they used to produce . the art sometimes actually reminded me of bob kane 's early work . the story also is a little unbelievable . it portrays bruce as a love-sick puppy and just does n't ring true . also , the lettering is - well , it 's been hand-done , by rogers i surmise , and is quite uneven . it should have been done by computer . i 'm sorry - i so wanted to like this , but it 's nothing like the calibre of work that this creative team produced in their glory days of the 70s . 
books neg 16.txt anyone with intelligence can see that ann coulter is not attempting to make any meaningful or objective analysis of politics . she is using inflammatory marketing to stir up the emotions of the most die-hard , flag-waving conservatives . until this attention-seeking labeling of other americans as ' good ' or ' bad ' stops , there will never be true understanding of the complexties of american politics or foreign policy by the general public . i do n't agree with bush 's war and i didnt vote for him . but he 's not a ' bad person ' ; he did not invade iraq because he is ' evil ' or ' stupid' . i can appreciate both sides of an argument ; i can avoid generic categorizations . i would never watch any news , liberal or conservative , that had a clear political bias . why ca n't ann coulter arrive at this same level of common sense ? well , she wouldnt sell as many books ; she wouldnt be on tv . it has to be " liberals hate america " or " the conservative nazi agenda " . we have the duty as thinking americans , in the most advanced free country in the world , in these modern times of massive amounts of free information , to stop paying attention to this garbage . get the facts and stop relying on a figurehead to spoon feed you your opinions 
books neg 498.txt filled with bizarre generalizations , and the most pretentious phraseology i 've seen in years , this book has the dubious honor of spotlighting all that has gone wrong in academic research in this country in the last 20 years . jodi dean shows an appalling lack of understanding of the workings of culture , history , politics , or even writing style . it seems she should have spent more time with turabian 's manual for writers , than surfing the web or watching sienfeld 
books neg 420.txt this book was very boring . details in a book make it interesting but the extended details in this book made it nausiating . this book had a very interesting plot and many good ideas but the way it was writen didnt appeal to most of the students in my school that read it . a poll was taken and about 73% of the students in the school liked this book . what does that show about the book ? 
books neg 967.txt i have a hard time understanding what it is that i dislike about the novel . i dislike it almost as much as the movie . i have been a loyal follower of smiley and some more after that . once the cold war was over , jlc had to look for a new realm . i tried to follow him , but gave up with the kaukasian troubles , forgot the name of the book . maybe it is this : jlc 's trade mark , his usp , is the evilness of the other side . with the kgb & co. , that worked perfectly . his readers were willing to stay with him and believe him . now he is transferring the kgb style to all sorts of other badies . i think it does not work any more . it is not that i trust the pharmaceutical companies enough to not be like here insinuated . i do not . what i do not like , i guess , is the artificial mood of intellectual suffering from the evilness of all kind of conspiracies . tess in this story seems to be the normal do-gooder who falls foul with the baddies . that is more ok in the book than in the movie . ( there , for my eyes , rachel weisz does herself discredit . ) what is absolutely not ok is the surrender of command by the narrator mid way . jlc gives up on trying to keep a believable storyline and declines into darkest conspiracy allegations 
books neg 602.txt i read this book on a suggestion from a friend , before i read " reviving ophelia " , because she wanted to see if i would be as dissapointed with it as she was . i was more so . while there are some outstanding essays in this collection , the bias of the editor clearly stands out . there is no one for the outcasts to relate to . there was no musician , nor was there anyone that dealt with an alternative religion . there were no essays from people who had a different relationship with their parents than she had . the sections are poorly named and divided . all in all , it is an unworthy book to be associated with the original . some girls it may " make feel less alone " , but for me it only accentuated the differences . definately take out from the library before you buy it 
books neg 372.txt i must say i was dissapointed with those 2 stories . first story is so far from reality ( i know , i know , sometimes we want to get away-but not that far ! ! ! ) i could n't read even half of the 2nd story...it was written very poorly . sometimes i felt like something just was n't enough , at times opposite - like it was way too much ! anyway , i would n't recomend bying this book. . 
books neg 956.txt normally i like the entire " female power " thing but frankly the " this is wrong " or " evil " part of that storyline is really old . in an era where girls do try out for and get placed on " boys " teams , these issues seem outdated . likewise rules were recently changed in indiana ( not even slightly a liberal state ) that says any pageant receiving state funds cannot discriminate on the basis of sex or gender . i know , this book is from 1999 , but we are living in a conservative backlash politically and this is still happening , changes are happening . overall i felt the book had a very negative view of the gender roles and did not do anything to suggest they should be different . even the disempowered girl who creates the initial problems with her " magic " is empowered through a pageant and her cooking . how much more gender role enforcement can we have ? really , with a strong female lead , should n't a buffy universe story do better than this ? in general the feel of the relationships and lingo between the main characters was fine but not particularly outstanding 
books neg 196.txt this is a good book for serious health nuts that have the time and energy to make simple easy recipes with a million strange ingredients that you 've probably never heard of . if you plan on making lots of baby food with kelp and sea weed then this is the book for you 
books neg 305.txt i 'm a fan of dave barry , i enjoy his column , i enjoyed some of his books in the past , and i bought this one with great anticipation . boy was i disappointed ! the story is meaningless , the characters are not interesting , the events are mostly dumb and the dialog is uneven and unfunny . do yourself a favor , do not read this book ! i ca n't believe anyone recommends it 
books neg 283.txt this book is the same as " teach yourself origami " and " origami , the art of paper-folding " , just with another cover to make you think it is new , also in the webside they describe it as a book of david brill , it does not contain nothing of him , not even his name mention ! ? ! ? if you have no origami book , it could be good for you , other wise beware ! ! 
books neg 137.txt this is just another attack by organized medicine on alternative treatments and therapies , in particular chiropractic . dr. rosenfeld comes across as biased , ignorant and at times completely malicious in the information he provides . his assertion that he " loves chiropractors is disingenous at best . " he prefers non-specific manipulation by a doctor who can also prescribe ( toxic ) drugs . he lists warnings about chiropractic that are extremely rare , occuring one in many millions , and suggests that these are common occurances . he fails to mention that the practice of ( allopathic ) medicine is the third leading cause of preventable death in the united states , which is the very reason we need more practitioners of the so called " alternatives " . if you want good advice , start by avoiding books on alternative medicine written by medical doctors , especially this one ! ! 
books neg 515.txt let me say right off the bat , i am a skeptic , but still i loved author gary goldschneider 's first two books from this series : the secret language of birthdays and the sl of relationships . but this one , the secret language of destiny is a bore . rather than offering two pages to each birth date , as birthdays did , or a half of a page as relationship did , this book gives the reader a short 1 / 4 page paragraph that allegedly sums up the destiny of those born in each of the 48 personology periods . this information is so general and by the way so boring that it could relate to anyone if in fact you do n't fall asleep reading it . for this reason , i do not recommend the secret language of destiny . - - regina mcmenami 
books neg 386.txt i recently decided to become vegetarian , so i got this book to read . i was very disapointed . i think this book provides good information about nutrional and meals , yet is written in a boring , scientific way . this book may appeal more to parents of vegetarians and vegans and adult vegetarians , than to teenagers . this book contains a lot of recipies , and some of them sound good , but most of them are far more complex than a teenager would be willing to cook . i would reccomend this book to parents of teenage vegetarians , but there are better books written for the teens themself . this book also has so many negative quotes including a whole page of someone making fun of vegetarian food and rambling about how they hate tofu . i do n't think these are nessecary in a book for vegetarians , there is enough of that without reading about it . however , if you seriously want to research about being a vegetarian this book wo n't hurt , it is just a dissapointment 
books neg 542.txt does not show you techniques rather it just shows pictures ! after buying this book - i was very disappointed since i thought it will show me makeup tips and tricks , rather it just shows displays of women 's faces . you will waste your money on purchasing this book 
books neg 379.txt the author keeps referring to the lds church as a cult . by definition a cult is : a religion or religious sect generally considered to be extremist or false , with its followers often living in an unconventional manner under the guidance of an authoritarian , charismatic leader . in christ 's day many would have considered his movement ( christianity ) a cult by definition and now it 's the largest religious form of worship in the world . so let mormons do their thing . there 's upwards of 12 , 000 , 000 of them now so i guess they 're not a cult anymore 
books neg 927.txt patronizing , dreadful , insincere , badly written book . i cut my losses after about four chapters of this fool 's memoir . i do n't recommend it 
books neg 292.txt this book should get 0 stars ; speaking as an artist myself , the theories laid out in this book are ridiculous . the basic gist of the argument seems to be that the work completed by the old masters was just too difficult to have been done without the use of optics , etc. to me it sounds like the desperate argument of a man who did not have either the talent or the determination to attain the skill of a great master , and therefore spent years constructing an elaborate excuse . admittedly , i could not even finish this book ; after reading for the nth time a line of shaky , circumstantial evidence like " all artists know that the ellipse of that collar is very difficult to draw , but there are no correction marks , therefore optics must have been used , " i could not even stand to keep reading ! on the contrary , all artists who have spent time and dilligent effort in becoming technically skilled know that although that ellipse may be difficult , after a few years of daily drawing and painting it becomes second nature , and could very well be drawn naturally with minimal correction . that is just one example.. . the book is filled with flaky examples such as those - hockney claiming " this is too good to have been done without optics " or " this was too difficult to have been done without optics " - and i found myself thinking over and over that the man simply must not have been disciplined enough in his own art , if that is indeed what he thinks . and , modern artists must remember this : nowadays , the work of the old masters seems very difficult because in modern times artists get nothing like the education or practice time had by the old artists , for many reasons . superior art education is very hard to find , and there are many distractions in the modern world ( tv , computers , having to hold a ' day job ' , lack of patrons , etc. ) and therefore modern artists usually lack discipline and do not live and breath art in quite the same way that the old masters did . therefore , most will never attain the skill of the old masters . but that is certainly no reason to assume that the old masters could not have done what they did without the help of technology ! some of the other examples used as ' evidence ' refer to ' odd ' proportion , perspective , etc. in otherwise masterful work . i am surprised that this author ( and those readers who are artists ) apparently does not realize that throughout history , great artists did not necessarily strive for exact realism - even nowadays , photorealism is not necessarily considered great art by many artists , because after all we are artists not cameras ! the point of realist art is to accentuate the reality , not to copy it ! therefore , many inconsistencies in proportion , perspective , etc. evident in old masters ' work are not ' oddities ' or ' mistakes ' , but purposeful exaggerations or adjustments to benefit the composition . all that being said , i think this book may even be harmful to the budding artist , since it may cast doubt in the mind of the art student that he or she can build the skill necessary to paint in a masterful way without the help of ' trickery ' or technology of some sort . instead , an art student should be encouraged to build skill , discipline , and self-reliance - because that is the true secret of the great masters 
books neg 330.txt now , i enjoy victorian adventure fiction as much as the next person - - in fact , probably more than the next person , since the average " next person " has n't ever read any . tales of derring-do , adventures to unexplored distant lands , lost civilizations , great artifacts , etc. - - that 's all good stuff . what 's not good is this book , which is tedious in the extreme . on the surface of it , haggard 's followup to his hugely successful ( and infinitely better ) " king solomon 's mines " has all the elements : a dynamic duo of scholar-adventurers ( one of whom is descended from pharaohs ! ) , a mysterious message from the past delivered by a dying man , an expedition to africa , and a supernatural being who knows the secret of eternal life . however , despite this promising laundry list , haggard 's execution leaves a great deal to be desired . a friend described it rather aptly as " a book with a lot of story , but not a lot of plot . " which is to say that in my edition , some 320 pages are filled without much happening . there is the initial mysterious set-up , the journey to dark africa with the usual physical trials and tribulations , the heroes ' conveyance to the " lost city " , and then.. . and then things kind of grind to a halt . lengthy descriptive details , lengthy internal ruminations , lengthy rambling speeches , lengthy everything - - but very little of consequence occurs until the very end , when the heroes make a dangerous journey to find the eternal fire which grants nigh-everlasting life . i suspect much of the problem stems from the book 's origin as a long-running serial in the gazette . as i understand it , serial writers of the time were paid by the word or by the installment , and thus , it was to their advantage to spin their plots out as much possible - - hence the unhealthy ratio of action to words . judicious editing could reduce the book to 1 / 3 of its size without any loss of note . of course , as another friend pointed out , it 's probably best to read the book is small chunks - - just as one would have done with installments . spreading out one 's reading of it over a period of time , he suggests , may serve to conceal the book 's rambling nature . in any event , there are some nice scenes here and there , such as the moonlight battle between crocodile and lion and another involving human cadavers used as torches , but those are about all i 'm likely to recall from this book in a year . of course , as is noted in the introduction to my edition , haggard lifted the main elements of the plot , and even the the true name of " she-who-must-not-be-named " , from several earlier adventure novels by edward bulwer-lytton , so one ca n't even give him much credit for imagination . i suppose the book is worth reading by those interested in literary representations of the prevailing xenophobic sentiments of victorian englishmen : racism , anti-semeticism , misogyny , fear of miscegenation , etc. , but as entertainment for the modern reader , it falls woefully short of the mark . 
books neg 539.txt this joke book suks . if i can give it any star i want , i would give it a -10 stars . i never actually bought it , but i borrowed it from a friend . i needed a joke book for my anouncements on the intercom every morning , and it only lasted 3 days and i ran out of good jokes . some of the jokes arnt appropriate and most of them dont make sense . if your gonna buy a joke book , dont buy this 
books neg 780.txt man , oh man , i think this is one of the worst books i 've ever read . if i could give the thanatos syndrome negative stars , i would ! seriously , half way through , i came to amazon to see how bad other people thought it was . boy was i shocked to see that almost all of these reviews were positive ! i found the book bizarre , unfocused and poorly written . the volcabulary repeatedly seems misused . the plot is not reasonable given the safeguards that us funding agencies have in place with regards to human experimentation . the physics , engineering , psychology , medical chemistry and biology are uninformed and unrealistic . characters are introduced as though they will be important to the outcome , only to have them dissipate . and so on . the characters do n't even seem like real people . for example , the main character recognizes his cousin by seeing her ankles - and only her ankles - flashing below a curtain , and yet he is apparently unaware of what degree of cousins they are . how could someone know a person that well , but still only have a vague idea of how they were related by blood ? or : one of the more reliable male characters blows duck hunting calls at women he finds attractive - as though he really thinks this will attract them . c'mon , if the guys a nut ( and anyone who tries to seduce women by talking ' duck ' to them is nuts ! ) , write him as a nut the whole way through , do n't make him the cornerstone of reliability at the book 's climax ! the book 's title is n't even explained , for crying out loud . thanatos means death in greek , i believe , but i could never understand what the author / editors / audience thought was dying . i wo n't read this one again , nor will i look for anything else by percy walker . 
books neg 800.txt the professionals in the law field in this book are n't the type of lawyer or law professional most people want to become . i understand not everyone becomes a six-figure-paid lawyer right out of law school , but this book is ridiculous . it shadows a guy who wants to only be a law clerk ? give me a break 
books neg 284.txt i started reading this immediately after the last reh compilation and there could not be a greater difference in story telling . while reh was first and foremost a story teller , pressfield uses one of the absolute worst devices in his recount of a grandson of his grandfather 's remembering his conversations with a client who knew the famous alcibiades . this , as previous reviewers have mentioned , creates a large gap between reader and story . but why do this ? why use such a crappy method of story telling ? i guess it pads the book with unnecessary dialogue . all in all , it 's a slow , uninspired , day dream story . so crappy that i felt it necessary to write this review echoing previous harsh reviews . i want my money back 
books neg 612.txt when yours truly was eleven and in reading class , " incident " was required reading . this had to be the most ridiculous book that i ever had the displeasure of reading . i mean , the boy is cared for by a badger ! badgers are mean and ornery critters that do n't much like people or even their own kind . i did not believe it at eleven , nor do i now . also , eckert certainly did n't need to include some of those descriptions . was it really necessary to describe a mother badger eating her offspring 's excrement ? what eleven-year-old wants to read about that ? so , for kids who like to read long descriptive passages about things they really did n't want to know about in the first place : this book 's for you 
books neg 563.txt this is my first ludlum book and it is sure to be my last . the plot is preposterous because of ludlum 's limited understanding of economics and history . once you realize that , all interest in the story falls away . it starts off plausible enough...and the blurbs on the jacket imply some " weapon " more powerful than a mere 270 million dollars ! hitler gained power because of the alignment of a number of situations that made the ground fertile for his brand of megalomania . some spoiled , rich american brat and his fortune would hardly make a difference to the currents of history . i know that this is only supposed to be a work of fiction , and it is all in good fun , but the plot-concept needs to be much more believable to hold my interest . if you do n't need logic in your fiction , it 's interesting enough as a cloak and dagger story , but it falls far short in the historical ( and economic ) fiction department 
books neg 261.txt the writing was very disjointed in my opinion . i had to read and re-read many sentences to figure out what the author was trying to say . it was a struggle to read . no likeable characters . i made it to the part where it was introduced that madeline slept with the ex-husband and current wife . give me a break ! i moved on immediately . too many good books waiting for me to waste time on this absurd tale 
books neg 384.txt this book , up to the very end was very good . with out a doubt a three star book maybe three and a half . the end is what ruins the entire thing . do n't worry i 'm not going to spoil anything . i 'll just say the ending stinks out loud ! this story is not really horror , its sifi . a adventure / drama / sifi . it really should have been about 100 to 200 pages longer . everything in it was really cool and fun to read but it just seemed rushed . and somethings were not really dove into thoroughly enough . the writting was dead on as always and character development was good . this book just needed another couple hundred pages to go from a barley average book to a great book 
books neg 268.txt oh my , all the terrible reviews for this book are true ! ! ms. steel is excessively repetitive....i mean excessive . ms. steel goes into too much background on the characters way too early in the book...and she continues to repeat this information over and over and over and over...you get the picture . i too found myself saying , " okay , we get it already.. . " i also agree with one of the reviewers who mentioned the bonding experience the men had . i do n't know the men ms. steel knows and hangs out with , but she had these me talking about their feelings with each other , as well as how their dysfunctional pasts had affected them . oh please , no man on earth talks that way . especially to other men . this book is completely aweful . the plot is so slow and does not grab the readers attention . i have read many of ms. steel 's books and i believe this one is her worst . i have now started reading sandra brown and she is sooo much better . i recommend " the alibi . " so far that has been my favorite by her . she has mystery , suspense , romance.. . her words are so much more descriptive and interesting than ms. steels . to sum it up , i was completely disappointed with the book " toxic bachelors . " i highly recommend sandra brown , she is a much better author 
books neg 587.txt k , besides the late arrival , the whole book was written in terminology in which i had to read over and over again before i understood the meaning . its not like the book came with appendices right ? anyway , i do not know whats the huu haa about the book . it seems pretty fictional . coming from a muslim 
books neg 211.txt i wanted to like this book.. . i enjoyed the first two in the series . but this one left me a bit dry.. . babylon rising : the europa conspiracy by tim lahaye and bob phillips . this continues the story of michael murphy , a college professor teaching biblical archaeology . he is now heading off to iraq to follow a tip on the location of " the handwriting on the wall " from the days of daniel . he 's falling in love with a colleague who is in the same area , and he fears for her safety as things start to get dicey in his life . talon and the mysterious seven are trying to eliminate him , and there are a few attempts on his life . mixed into this story is a terrorist attack on new york designed to throw america into an economic and national panic , as well as to prompt the un to move their headquarters to the ancient city of babylon . murphy , for someone who 's pretty much a small fish in the large ocean , finds himself in the middle of all this.. . as i said , i really wanted to like this book . the murphy character is likeable , and i enjoyed the action . but the plotline was spotty and over the top . murphy was using martial arts to take out everyone who attacked him ( highly unlikely ) . everything the terrorists tried to do was thwarted just in the nick of time ( over the top ) . the story attempted to be both a christian end times novel and a terrorist suspense novel , and they did n't do either one especially well . murphy 's growing infatuation with isis was rather repetitive with the " she 's so beautiful " and " could she be interested in me " interludes . and finally , none of the plotlines wrapped up . you got to the end and thought " so ? " fine if you 're ready to read the next installment , but not good if you started here or you have to wait some months for the next one.. . part of me wants to be nice , give the book the benefit of the doubt , and rate it a " 3 " . but the authors are better than this , and i 've come to expect more from someone who 's been doing this for a long time.. . if you 're committed to the series , you 'll want / have / need to read it , but just do n't come in with your expectations very high. . 
books neg 54.txt john updike 's literary criticism is perceptive and sparely written - every one of his non-fiction collections is worth reading . but his novels have , from the very first , been precious , over-written and stifling in their desperate need for approbation . when he writes fiction , he 's like a dog doing tricks for reward . and certainly , the rewards have come . but for readers outside the us at least , it 's all a little mystifying . john cheever was a far better writer , yet his work seems somehow to be regarded by americans as the lesser canon . time will correct this mistake , no doubt , but in the meantime updike pours out ever more cloying and over-heated work like this . if i still have your attention , let me recommend the ' collected stories ' of john cheever . updike could only dream of writing prose like that . 
books neg 856.txt people have been trying for years to prove that the founding cause of the universe is natural occuring harmonies . these theories are usually the occult disguising itself as science . if these theories are correct there needs to be a ' fundamental ' frequency ( a demiurge style ' god of harmony ' ) to begin the resonance . no such thing exists - see scientific american , august 2005 ' is the universe out of a tune ? 
books neg 28.txt you all like misogynist comics 
books neg 987.txt what happened to this book ? it is a disgrace to the star wars universe . it 's practically a star wars dictionary , that 's all . in spite of the good pictures , this book was very disappointing ! ! ! 
books neg 373.txt city of the dead ca n't really be called a zombie story . it 's really a cheesy action novel that just happens to have beings called zombies in it . the zombie are n't really undead like in the romero movies , but are corpses possessed by demons . i really did n't find any part of the novel scary and it does n't seem like the author was trying to make it scary . he seemed to take the route so many hollywood scary flicks take and just tried to gross out his readers through descriptions of the decayed bodies of the demons . the action is clunky and not very exciting . his hero 's are constantly stopping to argue about things like how jim 's ex-wife raised their son while being hotly pursued by hundreds of demons . there are too many parts that require suspension of disbelief : a military humvee could never catch an explorer suv , the hero 's escape a fire by climbing across a ladder to the neighbor 's house with the demons somehow not noticing , they 're being chased by dozen 's of demon vehicles on the road but second 's later after crashing they have somehow lost them . and i have to ask why keene included the descriptions of necrophilia in the novel . in the end city of the dead reads more like a cheesy schwarzenegger / stallone / norris movie than a horror novel 
books neg 361.txt this is a first person account of a trip to the arctic in the 1860 's narrated by a civil war deserter . within the first few pages , our hero enlists , pilfers letters off battlefield corpses , deserts , is injured in nyc draft riots , ends up in new bedford , ma and signs up on a sailing ship without ryhme or reason or knowing where it was going . the book was downhill from there . page after page described ice and the crew 's interminable struggles to get through . getting through the book was nearly as interminable . the reader never gets to know the narrator enough to empathize with him , or really understand him at all . thus , his struggles ring hollow and he evokes no sympathy during his struggles . there are elements of fantasy in the book . not enough to make it a fantasy , but enough to steer a reader off course . the scientist on the mission is after a warm garden of eden in the middle of the arctic . he is mad or it 's fantasy , it is hard to know until the end . there is a fantasy interlude when a character who has three hands ( the most likeable character in the book ) describes how he got his third hand . from that yarn comes the title " rope eater " . the title really has nothing to do with the book , other than rope eaters and the crew members suffered pain . besides the tedious turning of the plot , the characters lack any development . only the three handed man and the captain , both tangential characters , had any depth whatsoever . this book seemed to be an attempt at adventure , but not enough happened between the interminable accounts of ice to build much tension . it never developed the aspect of the deterioration of the characters - mentally and physically - it just happened . although the reader knew the characters must be suffering , it never came through the over-writing . as one might expect , the crew 's mission to find the warm garden of eden in the arctic was pointless . so was this book . it was a disappointment . 
books neg 478.txt this book was fun to look at , but not really usable . lots of stylized drawings and self-aggrandizing tales by the author and not a lot of realistic how-to . also , the explanations about skin care were clearly not written by anyone with a science or medical background . 
books neg 513.txt this book is a small bundle of common knowledge wrapped up in an insulting amount of hyperbole and hucksterism ( and very bad english ) . just how many times can you claim a technique will improve your workouts " by a factor of ten " or is the most valuable breakthrough " in history " before you lose all credibility ? in the first 30 pages , winnowing out the fluff , i read this : 1 ) fad diets , bulimia , and steroids are bad for you . 2 ) gaining muscle and losing fat are biologically distinct processes , so they require two classes of exercises . 3 ) it 's good to concentrate your attention on the particular muscles you are using during weight-training routine . 4 ) creative visualization and self-hypnosis can help you reach your goals . ( ok , i 'm a bit skeptical about this one . ) in other words , this book has taught me nothing of value that i did n't already know . looking ahead in the index , i can see much more of the same . i 'm afraid i 've been had . i bought this book on the strength of amazon reader recommendations . please do n't make the same mistake . look , to gain muscle , lift weights every other day and eat lots of protein ; to lose fat , do cardio on off days and watch your total calories . if you 're already doing those things , do n't bother with this book . i was looking for more specific tips , but i did n't find them here , and neither will you 
books neg 144.txt i was hoping that miller would turn his talents from the dark side and we would see how well he could reproduce a classical epic . what we get is a blood splattered " 300 lacedaimons in the hood " . the spartans are presented to be a buch of homo erotic rastafarians . the persians rather than the noble middle eastern autocrats presented in their art are drawn by miller to resemble african american gangstas with piercings and skin art everywhere . i was looking for xerxes to have a grill and whitewalls on his chariot . if you were into " sin city " , you will love this mishmashed version of the classical tale of bravery and sacrifice in the face of overwhelming odds 
books neg 323.txt this book was so badly written that i just could n't help writing my first review on amazon . i never bothered writting reviews . while i fully respect the authors ' decision in providing the book online under the creative commons license , and while i do not doubt the sincerity of their intentions , the book is a total f*ck up . and f*ck up is an understatement . the book : 1 ) is unorganized : - i felt i was being bombarded by information from all directions . one moment i was getting ready to test a simple " hello world " module , and the other i 'm suddenly faced with a some strange esoteric block diagram showing " how function calls and function pointers are used in a module to add new functionality to a running kernel . " with strange function names that were not mentioned and do not get mentioned for the rest of the chapter . how the hell did i get here ? it just pisses you off and breaks your thought process and leaves you clueless and frustrated . 2 ) is upside-down: - i read chapter 3 ( char drivers ) and i compare it to real device drivers and some things just do n't match . the book seems very theoretical because the " real " device drivers call some other functions that are not mentioned at all . after digging in the kernel source files and googling the internet i realize that in the " real world " there is a whole driver-model and generic objects and what not . reading the source code documentation and some online material i actually understand how the " real " drivers work . i still do n't understand the stuff in the book . i start wondering whether there is any mention of the driver-model and i find it in chapter 14 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the driver model seems , in my opinion , the first step to understanding how " real " drivers work and i find it after 14 chapters of utter nonsensce ! ! not only that , the authors decide that " many driver authors can ignore the device model entirely " and " the complexity of the device model makes it hard to understand by starting with a high-level view " ... surpisingly it was easier to understand from online sources and the source code documentation than trying to read chapter 2 in the book ! 3 ) is sadistic: - one thing i really hated was the carrot-and-stick approach the authors chose . first they give you a small tiny taste of a topic which finally seems relevant and just when you feel you 're about to reach somewhere , they do a complete u-turn and throw all kinds of irrelevant off-the-topic rubish that leaves you sorry you were so shamefull as to expect any better . you end up confused , annoyed , and duped . like in chapter 2 when they presented the code for the " hello world " module . ok fine . seems easy enough . you naturally assume that this is an invitation to write the same code yourself . haha wroong ! the book suddenly does a " make hello.c " without showing you the content of the makefile . it leaves you out to dry with your uncompilable - " hello.c " and goes on describing in detail seemingly random stuff . you are left wondering whether the makefile must have been something too obvious to bother noting down and you start wondering whether to try to create a simple makefile or continue reading the chapter " as-is " . i chose the former . hahaha wroong agaaiin ! i ended up compiling my whole kernel source tree because of something they decide to mention only 7 sections later . ( at least they mentioned it ? ! ) in summary. . i 'd suggest you buy the book. . and ( as " . / documentation / managementstyle " for another book says ) : " not read it . burn it , it 's a great symbolic gesture " . i do n't think anyone could have done a better job at making a worse technical book . if you come across any online material that " recommends " this book , *quickly* discard that material too .. without thinking . this is a -5 stars book . it has affected me personally 
books neg 224.txt in seeking to develop my own grant writing course , i reviewed 20 books on amazon . i was sold on this one by its extremely high amazon.com sales rank...probably the highest of this category . nevertheless , i was shocked and taken aback by a comment on the introduction page , that harkened back to my eighth-grader days : " you 'll learn that in grant writing you especially need to cultivate two abilities : meeting deadlines and following directions . " despite the obvious comprehensiveness of the materials presented in the book from ms burke-smith 's experience , i do n't know who 's responsible for the talking-down attitude presented here . this is my first everything title , and i do n't know if all everything titles are like this , or if it 's from award-winning business writer ms tremore . all i know is after getting such an introduction , what reader would wish to proceed into the book 's depths with that kind of attitude by one 's hoped-for mentors ? 
books neg 499.txt this is one of those books where you actually feel embarrassment for the author . the book is poorly researched , poorly written and , well , words just fail me . while i am not a great herriot fan , i do have to give him his due - the man could write well and could tell a good story ( is n't that what authors are suppose to do ? ) but this guy graham lord , i suspect , has problems feeding paper into his typewriter ! the intire book is such an obvious ploy to make some money on the shirttail of a & quot ; dead&quot ; and popular author , it is rather nauseating . shame on the publisher for accepting such shoddy work ! i did finish the book though ( thank god i did not purchase the thing ) because each page became worse and worse and i could not stop , thinking with each turn of the page & quot ; well it just cannot be any worse than that last page / chapter . &quot ; how wrong i was ! if you must read the thing , borrow it or check it out of a library . i would hate to see a person waste their money , and i certainly would not want the author and his publisher to be rewarded for a work such as this . herriot 's life , warts and all , could be such a fastinating subject . i do hope someone will turn out a good study of him eventually . we certainly did not get it here 
books neg 870.txt this was the first collin wilson book i read . he has probably read a lot to write this book , but to anyone at least a little into the occult it is clear that he have no idea what he is talking about . if you are interested in this matter ( the occult knowledge ) as something you would read about but never , ever try to verify if it is true or practice anything , maybe this book is ok . but if you are serious about it and really want to know what true and what is fake , please stay away from this book . he is so wrong about even simple things that could have been verified with just a few months of practical experimentation . 
books neg 891.txt tedious and inane come to mind . it is written as a first person narrative consisting almost entirely of a stream of disparaging comments about everyone else written in a " catty " pseudo-feminist style , rambling descriptions of egyptian archaeology - real or imagined - thinly veiled racist comments about the " ignorant natives " of egypt and inept sexual innuendo . the book is very slow moving and the plot seems forced . the characters do not come across as real . very disappointing . leave this one on the library shelf 
books neg 125.txt i am not a student . i wanted to read the great gatsby but i had no one with whom i could discuss the story . i decided in a momentary lapse of judgment to supplement my reading with the cliffs notes . unfortunately , it was full of grammatical errors and what i found to be very superficial commentaries 
books neg 69.txt i had great expectations of this book but the more i read the worse it got . for a person who is supposed to be an ' orientalist ' he sure does hate his subject . under cover of being a scholar lewis promotes his neoconservative ideology as serious learning . this ideology is the guiding force behind the troubles in the middle east today . powerful people listen to lewis and follow his advise on how to deal with the muslim world . unfortunately this advice comes from a person who has made it a lifelong mission to destroy and defame the very subject he claims to be an expert of 
books neg 930.txt more like a diary of some of tom 's successes ( and he has had many ) but only a few anecdotes . buy one of tj cloutier 's books ( or slansky 's ) for much much more insight 
books neg 512.txt it 's disturbing to see how many mistakes i found just browsing through this colorful , attractive book . though the state bird of alabama is known locally as " yellowhammer , " you will not find that name in any field guide ! the accompanying picture was no help either in identifying what turned out to be the common flicker . other state birds were listed by uncommon , incorrect , misleading names too . the 1995 bombing in oklahoma city is represented by a nice picture and writeup , but with a glaring misspelling in its headline- - " in memorium " should be " in memoriam . " claremore , ok is misspelled as " clarmore " on the map . these errors leaped out at me just flipping through the pages . this is very disappointing and makes me wonder what other misinformation this book contains . adults have some knowledge and experience against which to measure what they read ; schoolchildren who may be learning facts for the first time need the facts to be correct 
books neg 971.txt unlike most of the other reviewers here , neither i nor my nine-year-old enjoyed this book . the premise is good , but the family-values morality is heavy-handed and the writing limps along 
books neg 262.txt ageless body is deepak 's attempt to neutralize the word " old " as in old age . the writer has a knack for making common words , like " body , " mind " and " self , " into profound concepts . his technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies . but ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound . if you like poetry , deepak may be your read : " the billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life ; ( p . 36 ) " or try to interpret this one : " the emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe ; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born . ( p.40 ) " at times he attributes to cells and dna a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible . he would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over " intelligent design . " he ca n't accept the growth of any cell , even a plant cell , without an intelligence involved . he mentions and attacks evolution only one time on p . 115 , asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random process . deepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms : intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself . whether your word game tosses in the word " quantum " or not does n't change much . what a solipsistic thought ; what a solipsistic world . i wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness deepak speaks of would n't , after awhile , go insane 
books neg 427.txt i purchased this book as a read aloud for my two oldest children . i liked the story but the chapters were way too long . my children kept asking , " how many more pages ? " 
books neg 990.txt the book contained more profanity than i expected to read in a book by rita rudner . i had expected more humor from a comedienne . too bad , because i really like her humor 
books neg 880.txt another hyprocritical nut . these christian fundamentalists like are literally screaming jesus , while cutting your throats , not unlike the jihadi fundamentalists . the only thing is they cant do that now as they used to couple of hundred years back by enslaving and lynching blacks , killing native americans , and showing their christian love for the jews - by exterminating them . hope our future generations dont have to live in a christian saudi arabia . this is what these whackos envision 
books neg 409.txt i agree with some of the negative reviews that the junie b . jones books often use language and depict behavior that are less than desirable . my son , who is a pretty sensitive boy , did n't like junie b . jones because he thought she was rude . i would much prefer that my kids read books with kids who , though they may get in trouble from time to time or may make mistakes , are generally nice people . we did love the magic tree house series , both for the adventure and the personalities of jack and annie 
books neg 796.txt if you want to write a great script , never ever once think of it as anything other than telling a solid story . this book advances the theory that writing for animation is different than writing . it isn't . 
books neg 450.txt this book has major shortcomings ; stein 's obsession with character over plot , for one ( martin amis said , " i used to sneer at plot until i wrote a novel that had one , titled night train . it was hard and i used stay awake at night hoping i was n't leaving any holes . " ) , another being his obsession with " show do n't tell " ( gabriel garcia marquez 's novel love in the time of cholera is probably the greatest novel of the 1980 's and it 's almost entirely " tell " and very little " show . " ) and the passages stein includes from his own novels as examples of good writing were actually examples of terrible writing ! ( a taxi " disengorging " its passengers is categorically bad writing . ) and stein admits he rejected frederick forythe 's the day of the jackal . i would n't read a book by dick rowe about how to make it in the music business ( rowe famously rejected the beatles from decca records ) . stein excuses himself that he was going by only an outline , but then rowe was going by just a demo tape . better writing books are out there 
books neg 368.txt this book disappointed me after reading martins letters . although this book provides a very different angle on value investing and has some useful ideas the writing style is poor and lacks clarity . there are much better books on analysing companies i suggest financial statement analysis by martin fridson and fernando alvarez . 
books neg 961.txt i have enjoyed many of mark 's novels ( do you know that i love you is my favorite of the bunch ) , all the time recognizing his severe limitations as a writer . every character in every roeder novel speaks with the same voice- -all of them , and though his dialog is usually age appropriate for his teen characters , his narrative passages invariably sound as if they were written by someone decades older . there is frequent repetition and redudancy ; characters never say anything once if they can say it two or three or four times ( though he has definitely improved since his mediocre first novel ancient prejudice , which had the unfortunate distinction of glamorizing teen suicide ) . his characters always ( and i mean always ) mate for life , which is a beautiful romantic ideal , but ultimately can get tiresome ( gay teens are no different from straight ones in their need to play the field a bit before a lifetime commitment ) . all that said , at his best ( dykwik , a better life , keeper of secrets ) mark roeder writes a compelling and often un-put-downable story . but in outfield menace , the bad most definitely outweighs the good . did mr. roeder do any research into the time period ? ? ? the fifties are certainly a good setting for a gay teen novel ( if only as an educational experience for contemporary teens , who do n't realize how impossible it was to be gay at that time ) , but if you want to set a novel in the fifties , do n't have a lead male character with a ponytail . no one , but no one , wore a pony tail in the fifties ( and certainly not in a small midwest town ) . do n't have characters use anachronisms like " fifteen minutes of fame . " and most of all , do n't have characters behave and think in anachronistic wasys . mark roeder illustrates the dangers of self publishing . he has apparently made a name for himself ( and some money i 'd guess ) , and i must confess , i 've bought his novels ( glutton for coming out stories that i am ) but no legitimate house would publish his novels , at least not without major editing and rewriting , something that a self published author ( especially one with an apparently inflated self image ) goes without . there has been a renaissance in quality gay teen fiction this past year or two . major publishers have put out such superb young adult novels as totally joe , m or f ? , the hookup artist , rainbow road , boy girl boy . read them , if only to see how these truly outstanding ( and published by legit houses ) novels could teach mark roeder a thing or two . if you must read roeder , then stick with his better novels and avoid this serious misstep . memo to roeder : if you want to write about a time you do n't know about , do your research 
books neg 717.txt i must agree witht he reviewer who commented about the book being written by committee . the narrative is choppy and lacking not only key details , but also historical background . because it 's an autobiography , i do n't necessarily think that it 's fair to damn the book for being self-centered ; it is about him . i do feel , however , that the book needs better editing and a bit more self-examination . it 's an okay addition to one 's list of books about everest expeditions - which i must admit , i 've developed a morbid fascination with after recently re-reading " into thin air " . i would n't , however , use it as my primary source for information or impressions 
books neg 890.txt i do not recomend this book because the author gives poor explanations . in chapter 5 , he explains steady state error for unity feed back horribly . he says the value of c ( t ) must be infinite or nonzero , but doesnt bother to show why . this book needs more work making concepts clearer and making less assumptions . its not all bad , but its not 5 stars everyone else has given it . i have read good textbooks , this isnt one of them . 
books neg 228.txt a good friend of mine insisted i 'd read this book , because she knows i love exploring the spiritual aspects of life . in the end i was very disappointed . not in the writing or the exploration aspects of the book , but michael crichton 's whole attitude . he would spend a chapter sharing his learnings and his eye opening experiences , only to revert back to his arrogant , narrow-minded attitude once again for the next chapter . how can anyone claim they 've learned anything in life when nothing they learn from it seems to sink in ? sadly , this book left me with a very bad taste in my mouth . i have no desire to read any more of his books 
books neg 805.txt need i say more than the above title suggests ? okay , so the upside of this book is that it has important life lessons and epiphanies from the voice of experience . there are some touching moments in this book , but even then there is still something the author is lacking . i saw the movie when it was in theatres and i have just finished reading the book . i liked the movie soooooooooo much better than the book . the movie was funny , entertaining , touching , personal , and sad at times . the book did not captivate me at all . i had trouble staying focused . considering beverly donofrio 's credentials- -a bachelor 's degree in english from wesleyan university and a master of fine arts in creative writing- -her quality of writing is very poor . her quality of writing is more like someone who has only a highschool education , if even that . and not to go off topic , but since donofrio has a master of fine arts in creative writing from a top notch school like columbia u , then why does n't she write about something else besides her getting pregnant in highschool and how that has changed her life ? i mean , after all , the mfa is in creative writing , meaning she should be more creative rather than just write autobiographies all the time . she has only wrote 2 books- -riding in cars with boys , and looking for mary , both about her getting pregnant at a young age . if you liked the movie , just leave it at that . do n't bother reading the book unless you enjoy getting disappointed . and if you 're interested in a novel or autobiography about teen pregnancy , then go to the local library . do n't get this one . there 's other novels covering the same subject that are far superior to this one . 
books neg 748.txt it 's a bad idea to create a character-driven sci-fi when your characters are this annoying . the majority of children of the mind consists of inane dialogue between characters that are impossible to care about . the characters are so one-dimensional and predictable that you already know what they 'll say before they say it . peter says nothing except smart alecky remarks , val spends the whole book whining loudly about not being a real person , novinha is as crazy and hard-headed as she 's been for the last two books , and ender spouts off a bunch of trite , up-with-people garbage every chance he gets . somehow , card even managed to make jane more irritating than my ex-girlfriend during pms . the only decent characters in this book are miro and wang mu , and they are n't nearly enough to save the story . i admit it : i only made it a little over half-way through children of the mind . i could n't take the dialogue anymore . that 's not to mention the ridiculous plot , which centers on two children warping around the universe , engaging in philosophical discussions with caricatures of japanese and polynesian culture , in an attempt to avert a war between species . if you 're that curious to learn how the ender quartet concludes , do what i should 've done from the beginning : find a plot synopsis somewhere and save yourself the pain of reading this garbage 
books neg 834.txt i must agree with some other reviewers of this book , and say that it is a very dry list of factual data , interspersed with bill wyman 's moans and boasts . his gripe with allan klein about money seems to be quite valid , but he mentions it about a thousand times . mick and keith get quite a pasting - again it seems quite valid , but do we need to hear it so many times ? bill opines that keith richard 's voice is weak and that his own songs were ignored by the band . listen to his only self-penned stones track of the 60s , on & quot ; satanic majesties&quot ; , and you will conclude that this is quite a self delusion - his voice is far weaker , and his songwriting at that time was also inferior . the book seems to be more authoritative on dates , but we can only take bill 's accuracy on faith . my knowledge of the stones is not enormous , but even i can see some big factual errors . for example he tells us that neither taj mahal nor marianne faithfull recorded songs for the & quot ; rock n roll circus&quot ; . a recent re-issue has proved him completely wrong . as another reviewer rightly said , marianne faithfull 's autobiog is a much better read 
books neg 12.txt how can a best-selling author like simon winchester take an event as exciting as the san francisco earthquake of 1906 and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest ? one answer : write as if you had just discovered an adjective mine and were free to throw in extra descripitive terms on every line until listeners scream for an end to florid phrases . another : strive to break the record for most clich ? s in a single paragraph . finally : write about events in 1906 as if no one but simon winchester had ever before thought about their consequences - - thus , everything in this tedious narrative becomes about simon . simon and the raccoons ; simon on the failing american economy ; simon attempting to reproduce american accents . this is a cd set for avoiding 
books neg 510.txt i 'm an electrical engineer and in the telecomm buisness . i 've read a lot of books on communications and this has to be one of the worst , luckily i did n't pay for it . the writing is poor and it does n't commuicate ideas clearly . there is better books out there on the exact same subject 
books neg 847.txt the advice in this book is solid and appropriate for most kids . however , the writer 's attitude is judgmental . if you are buying this book , it 's probably because your child 's eating has not gone as smoothly as you 'd like . for most of us , a lot of our parental self-esteem is wrapped up in this issue . so it just makes no sense to act as if it 's usually the parent 's fault - why alienate and beat up your target audience ? ? ? ? plus , while i 'm sure that some parents contribute to kids ' eating issues , plenty of kids are just born more sensitive ! if you can read between the lines and get to the take home message without letting her attitude get to you , more power to you - otherwise , go elsewhere . 
books neg 994.txt whether you 're planning to read through crowley 's book of thoth for the first time , or if you think you know every little thing crowley was getting at with it , this book is going to be equally useless to you . several of crowley 's diagrams from the book of thoth are reprinted in this book much more clearly , but sadly that 's the only good thing about this book . the book is filled with a lot of fluff . duquette tells many useless anecdotes of crowley 's and harris ' lives , and constantly excuses and defends crowley 's character against those who would consider him a devil worshiper . duquette explains in the book that he initially thought that when he first found crowley 's works , so perhaps its some sort of atonement . but the argument really has no place in a book like this where the reader has already come to terms with crowley 's character . through out the book of thoth crowley constantly alludes to and makes references to other works and various myths and systems . having a reference book that explained all of these things would be an invaluable aid . unfortunately duquette does n't do this . his background information is base and scarce . he does spend some time explaining about thelema and kabbalah , but as one would expect from a chapter long explanation of subjects like this , duquette does n't give nearly enough information to understand crowley 's works , and what he does give is easy enough to find elsewhere . as for offering anything knew or shedding some understanding on crowley 's work , duquette outright fails . at times it seems as if duquette does n't even understand crowley or the book of thoth and the associated tarot deck . i do n't think the man even understands tarot in general ( and duquette 's own tarot deck is evidence of this too ) . at his best , duquette only manages to rephrase what crowley had to say in the book of thoth . typically though a lot of what crowley was getting at is complete lost in duquette 's work , a lot of it no doubt because duquette never really understood crowley at anything but a very base level . reading through the book of thoth , there are a few ways in which duquette could have made his book better . crowley 's phonetic translation of the i ching does n't follow the current standard , and sometimes the differences are confusing , especially if the reader is not already familiar with the i ching . a key showing crowley 's translation and the standard translation would 've been helpful . likewise crowley rarely wrote on astrology , despite astrology being alluded to many times through the book of thoth , and what he did write is hard to find . a chapter explaining crowley 's views on astrology would 've been great . if that was n't possible , then a list of books on astrology that were similar to what crowley was working with would have been helpful . however duquette 's solution is to just tell the reader to go find some books on astrology to read . duquette 's book is n't useful as a reference to crowley 's work . duquette does n't seem to understand crowley most of the time , and fails to adequatley explain crowley 's ideas . besides some new-agey nonsense , like assigning celebrities to the court cards based on their birthdays , duquette does n't offer any new ideas or insights into crowley 's work . except for a few nice diagrams ( which are common enough and easy to find ) , there is n't anything worthwhile contained in this book . at least not anything you wo n't get out of reading crowley 's book of thoth 
books neg 958.txt i loved the first carole matthews novel i read , " for better or worse " , and picked this up in an airport hoping to be entertained once again . it kept me entertained while on a three and a half hour flight , but only because i didnt ' have anything else to do . i am the type of person who has to finish a book once they start but it was really hard for me to even pick this one up again after getting off the plane . i totally disagree with the premise behind the whole thing and found it completely pointless . there were no redeeming qualities and few parts in the book even worth mentioning . to me , matthews expects you to feel sorry for a woman whose married lover decided he needed to be with his wife and kids instead of leaving them for her . i think this is a horrible / unrealistic messgage . if you want to read something good , pick up a jane green novel instead . 
books neg 589.txt after reading the book i had no real clue how to build a boat which was why i bought the book in the first place . i think it would make sense to maby not call a book complete hand book of wooden boats when it is not complete . do not buy this book 
books neg 65.txt i was really looking forward to both the book and the movie . unfortunately i think both are very much overrated . character development is non-existent . we 're supposed to believe that the haunted , passive , timid character dave was an all-star shortstop in high school ? the book had a great premise and good beginning , but went nowhere interesting . the handling of dave 's character relies on cliche and we never really get insight into the book 's most intriguing character . 
books neg 677.txt this was the only bertrice small book i could find in the gift shop of an airport . that should have been warning enough not to buy it . rosamund was an unlikeable character . she left her 3 young daughters so she could " make love " constantly and then was oh-so-superior with her maid when annie did the same ! i guess being a rich , snotty noblewoman means you 're not held to the same standards of behavior as the mere household help . i found the love at first sight meeting to be flimsy and contrived . small 's readers are smarter than most , so i 'm surprised she expected us to swallow it . like some other reviewers here , i thought it was more lust than love . it was clearly a mid-life crisis hook up for patrick . and if rosamund truly loved patrick , she never would have left him when he was ill , memory loss or not ! not planning to read either " rosamund " or " phillipa " , the other books in this series . it was hard enough getting through this book , let alone another one with her uppity daughter . the good stuff ? getting to meet patrick leslie again . but it was heartbreaking to witness his grief over losing his daughter janet decades ago . if you 've read " the kadin " , you know that janet eventually returns to her home , but only after patrick has died 
books neg 538.txt the author really just could not hook me . a lot about food but not sure what else 
books neg 461.txt very poor book , realy a waste of time . the review below said it all 
books neg 781.txt this is another wierd book by shirley maclaine : it is neither interesting nor a helpful guide book for pilgrims . the book is just a long rambling new age rant , published because the auther is " shirley maclaine " . too bad really . do n't waste your money on this one . 
books neg 866.txt sedgwick 's character is a perverted boring loser . worst book i 've ever read- -well , almost read . talentless . end of story 
books neg 454.txt in 1980 michael weiner saw the publication of weiner 's herbal : the guide to herb medicine , which states the medical benefits of marijuana [7]. however he recently stated that the chemicals in marijuana make it too dangerous to be used as medicine . on his program , he strongly cautions against the recreational use of marijuana , occasionally devoting his show to " marijuana horror stories " and its claimed potential to ruin lives . he has authored a number of other books on various herbal medicine topics under this name . more recently , savage 's books are political in nature and published by wnd books , a partnership between the conservative website worldnetdaily and thomas nelson , a publisher of christian books . in january 2003 he published the savage nation : saving america from the liberal assault on our borders , language and culture , his first book under the pseudonym michael savage . the book quickly reached the top of the new york times bestseller list earning savage , as noted above , a commentary show on msnbc . the controversial book directs attacks at " media bias " , the " dominating culture of ' she-ocracy ' " , gays , and liberals . critics have faulted savage for making a number of assertions in the book that he often fails to substantiate with facts or resources . exacerbating this condition is the fact that the book itself has no index . the book is divided into two - to four-page sections , many of which are near-exact replicas to columns he published on the conservative site newsmax.com . in january 2004 , savage published his second political book , the enemy within : saving america from the liberal assault on our schools , faith , and military . his newest book , liberalism is a mental disorder was released on april 12 , 2005. both of these books contained citations of nearly every assertion made , contrary to " the savage nation . " in january 2006 , savage announced that he would be releasing a new book , the political zoo , in mid-march . [8] the book will contain satirical profiles and cartoons of different people in politics as animals in the " political zoo " including one of savage himself , who will be portrayed as the zookeeper . savage has remarked that the book will be " easier to digest " than his previous political books . books as michael weiner plant a tree , new york : collier books , 1975 bugs in peanut butter , boston : little , brown , 1976. man 's useful plants , new york : macmillan . 1976. earth medicine , earth food , new york : macmillan pub . co. , 1980. the way of the skeptical nutritionist , new york : macmillan , 1981. nutrition against aging , bantam books , 1983. secrets of fijian medicine , quantum books , 1983. " vital signs " , avant books , 1983 getting off cocaine , avon books , 1984. maximum immunity , boston : houghton mifflin , 1986. reducing the risk of alzheimer 's , new york : stein and day , 1987. the complete book of homeopathy , garden city park , n.y. : avery pub . , 1989. the herbal bible , san rafael , ca : quantum books , 1992. healing children naturally , san rafael , ca : quantum books , 1993. herbs that heal : prescription for herbal healing , mill valley , ca : quantum books , 1994. the antioxidant cookbook , mill valley , ca : quantum books , 1995. [edit] books as michael savage the savage nation , wnd books , 2003. the enemy within , nelson current , 2004. liberalism is a mental disorder , nelson current , 2005. the political zoo , nelson current , 2006. michael alan weiner was born to a russian jewish family [1] in the borough of the bronx in new york city . michael savage earned a bachelor 's from queens college in education and sociology . he taught high school for several years in new york city . following that , he earned two master 's degrees in ethnobotany and anthropology from the university of hawaii . he then received a ph.d . in nutritional ethnomedicine in 1978 from the university of california , berkeley . his thesis was titled nutritional ethnomedicine in fiji . savage spent many years researching botany in the south pacific , and has a background in alternative medicine . he has stated he was a liberal at one time and never served in the military . weiner was a friend of openly gay beat poet allen ginsberg , offering to arrange readings for ginsberg and lawrence ferlinghetti in 1972. [2] some of his letters to ginsberg are held in ginsberg 's archives and one of those letters describes an encounter with a young fijian man . [3] savage denies writing the letter and called it part of a " smear campaign " by " gay fascists " . [4] savage also once posed naked for a photograph with ginsberg while swimming in fiji . [5] ferlinghetti views weiner 's reincarnation as michael savage as " total opportunism , " the crowning achievement of someone who was " always looking to make a fast buck " and " always trying to think up new schemes to get famous . " michael savage began his radio career in 1992 on san francisco 's #1 news / talk radio station kgo , first doing fill in work for other hosts , then getting his own show on the weekend . two years later he was given a weekday show on kgo 's sister station ksfo where he shared airtime with a liberal talk show host . he chose his " nom de voix " in " the tonga islands in the 1960s . i stumbled upon the name of a [19th-century] shipwreck who was locally infamous -charles savage . his exploits were legendary , " he said . " so the name was bouncing around in my head . " at the time , his slogan was " to the right of rush , and to the left of god . " on january 1 , 1995 he was given his own show during the drive-time hours . the show quickly became a local hit . in 1999 , he came to the attention of the talk radio network . on january 17 , 2000 he started doing an additional two hours of radio which was broadcast nationally . for the next eight months , savage would spend a total of five hours a day just talking . his national experiment was a success , and on september 21 , 2000 , he stopped doing separate shows , beginning a full three-hour national show . after just one year , he was in 150 markets . by 2003 , he was in over 200 markets and is currently the no . 3 radio host in the united states . in june 2003 , he had a salary dispute with his flagship station ksfo who refused to renegotiate his contract . he was off the air for three weeks . on july 1 , 2003 he began his show on a different station : knew in san francisco . since that dispute , he speaks badly of ksfo and of " vanity or pretty boy " sean hannity , whose show replaced his on the station . savage also speaks pejoratively when referencing his fellow talk radio hosts or individuals with whom he disagrees ( see list of michael savage neologisms ) . as of 2005 , savage has between 8 million and 10 million listeners per week . this makes his show the third most widely listened to broadcast in the united states . in 1996 he applied to be a dean at uc berkeley 's graduate school of journalism . when he was not granted an interview due to lack of qualifications- -less than two years of experience in radio , with a ph.d . in epidemiology and nutrition science- -savage filed a discrimination lawsuit that was eventually dismissed . the position instead went to china scholar orville schell who , according to weiner , was less qualified than himself . savage was hired by msnbc to do a one-hour show starting march 8 , 2003. on july 7 , a mere four months later , he was fired for making anti-gay remarks in response to a caller , later identified as prank caller " east coast bob . " savage was doing an " airline horror stories " piece , when bob called into his show to talk about undercover security guards smoking in the bathroom . his next words were " half hour into the flight , i need to suggest that don and mike should take your show so you can go to the dentist because your teeth are really bad " . the words after " should " were bleeped out by a msnbc exec , which would make one believe that the caller was actually making lewd comments about savage 's sexual orientation . savage asked if he was a " sodomite " , to which the caller answered " yes " . savage then said to the caller : " oh , so you 're one of those sodomites . you should only get aids and die , you pig , how 's that ? why do n't you see if you can sue me , you pig . you got nothing better to do than to put me down , you piece of garbage , you got nothing better to do today , go eat a sausage and choke on it . get trichinosis . now do we have another nice caller here who 's busy because he did n't have a nice night in the bathhouse who 's angry at me today ? put another , put another sodomite on....no more calls ? i do n't care about these bums , they mean nothing to me . they 're all sausages . " [6] before the show was canceled , msnbc was replaying his show during primetime hours saturday night ; many believe the show would have been canceled even without his comments , and that msnbc was simply looking for an excuse to dump the program due to pressure from special interest groups . others point out that msnbc has had poor programming and ratings performance for a long time and that many talk shows of all different political stripes have come and gone quickly on the network . 
books neg 790.txt i tend to like just about anything that brubaker writes . while i 'm not as excited about his marvel work as most others are , i have enjoyed his runs on captain america and daredevil . his work outside of marvel has been great ; sleeper is one of my favorite series over the last few years . in general , brubaker had not written anything that i genuinely disliked . then came ' deadly genesis' . in short , this is a weak story with several plot holes which makes a mockery of a franchise that already has a history of reworking established continuity to poor results . to what end ? another summers brother who is completely disinteresting , another story in which professor x acts like a jerk , a dead x-men ( for absolutely no good reason ) , and some horrible reworking of existing long running history to cram it all in which now require secrets to have been kept by several key characters for the last 30 years . i want to think that this story was driven by editorial mandate . unfortunately , this is the second instance in which brubaker has went back and altered marvel history from long ago . in captain america , he made it so that bucky never really died in world war ii . this initially rubbed me the wrong way , but the story itself was done well , and the surrounding plots were good , so i begrudgingly went along for the ride . i was still able to enjoy his entire run on the book . his attempt to revise history does n't work nearly as well here . the key difference is that bucky had been considered dead for so long that there was very little continuity to adjust . he had n't been written into any stories during all that time , so it was very easy to go and insert an alternate history for him . in ' deadly genesis ' , brubaker inserts events into key storylines from 30 years ago . in order for them to work , the reader needs to believe that several key characters has kept these events a secret from that time forward . it just does n't work . to make matters worse , none of the characters ' motivation for anything makes any sense at all . characters are keeping secrets , and other characters are upset with that , and through the whole you never understand why . it 's as if brubaker had an end goal in mind , and simply crammed in any plot device necessary to get from point a to point b - even if it required characters to act contrary to their nature or the story did n't make complete sense . that aside , another difference between the two is simply that this series is not written as well as captain america . they overall plot does n't make complete sense and the characters are presented fairly shallowly . reading it was more of a chore than an act of enjoyment . the interior art is nice , though not great . unfortunately , the book falls so short on story alone that the art warrants almost no consideration 
books neg 752.txt someone gave me this book as a gift - - why , i have no idea . this book is about as intelligent as a tv sitcom , about as funny as a tv sitcom , and generally at the level of a tv sitcom . i found it neither funny , inspiring nor interesting . it is , in the final analysis , proof that any book that purports to be about & quot ; strong&quot ; or & quot ; outrageous&quot ; women will immediately sell thousands of copies , regardless of the piffle between the covers , and is thus a triumph of marketing over everything . probably best for teenaged girls who do n't read much . it 's no worse than tv , i guess 
books neg 170.txt i am leading a christian study group using popular films . i was hoping this book could help me use film to illustrate some scriptural truth . unfortunately , the author was much less interested in a christian message than to make sure he took every opportunity to insult the " church . " i know that churches have problems and hurt people , but it is not as common as this author seems to assert . he seems very angry at the church ( and for some reason , all of western culture - especially america . ) living in n . ireland could make one suspicious of religion i assume , but despite his claims to be a chrisitan so concerned about commmunity , he seems to enjoy tearing down more than teaching and building up . it is a good study of film ( not movies - he definatley comes from a critical point of view and not that of an average person ) but not very useful in the context of the church . that 's my take anyway . god bless 
books neg 769.txt i quote from glimpses of the devil , p . 215 : " ...after spending a half hour with that book , gods ' man . i called [a nun , six years my senior , who has been my spiritual director for more than twenty-five years] sobbing with a complex of emotions , including hatred for the author , disgust at the book , rage at its destructiveness , sorrow for all the other young boys and girls who had been the book 's victims , and a feeling of deep contamination that i had received just from looking at it . after we spoke , i sent her my newly purchased copy and she called me back to agree that it was the single most destructive thing she had ever seen in her fifty-plus years . " undoubtedly , dr. peck 's strong emotional reaction was due to the destruction the book wrought in the life of one of peck 's patients . but now you are forewarned 
books neg 45.txt when i found " hour game " in paperback at our local library 's monthly book sale , i thought i had hit pay dirt . but i cannot believe that this author who wrote such gripping gems such as " the winner " and " absolute power " could turn out such a dog . long , boring , and confusing . i fear that mr. baldacci hired an " aspiring young writer " to " help " him crank out a quick book . i cannot pass this book along to my friends - - i could n't do that to them . it will be tossed into our blue recycle bin . what a waste . what a shame . 
books neg 274.txt the author has her narrator ( " cinnamon " ) spend most of her time comparing herself to the fascinating scarlett , in a game of wish-fulfillment one-upmanship . even though she 's calling the shots , as it 's her book , scarlett still comes out miles ahead . perhaps it was only that way for a certain strata of society , but there was once a beautiful world of chivalry and gallantry and bravery and even some idealism-even if misplaced-just as there has been throughout the ages in other societies , such as " ivanhoe " presents.the story may have been one-sided , but it 's the side mm chose to tell , and there 's kernel of truth in the " myth " of the old south , as in all myths . margaret mitchell has nothing to fear from this silly so-called " parody " , which is really a subconscious-or not so subconscious , in fact-effort to knock from her pedestal , that epitome of heroines-katie scarlett o'hara and the wonderful melanie wilkes.as if rhett would ever give any other woman a serious thought-he was obsessed with scarlett.that 's why he turned to women like belle watling.and to imagine mammy killing the male babies , when she had been devoted to ellen o'hara from ellen 's childhood.thank goodness this book is n't a pimple on the fanny of the classic gwtw , because what it is a a travesty-and not even a well-written or engaging one at that.gwtw will still be read and loved for all time , like the classic it is , when this book is selling for a quarter at garage sales.i did n't even pay that , thank goodness-the woman gave it to me , and i read it and burned it with the rest of the trash.i 'd give it a negative star if there was such a rating.ludicrous and laughable-try again , ms randall , and try to get over the jealousy of scarlett and co. again , margaret mitchell need not fear , lol 
books neg 730.txt just know this book has you developing code in the sdk , not visual studio .net . if anything that should turn you away from buying this . any .net programmer will be working with visual studio and not an sdk . the sams teach yourself c# in 24 hours was completely written for vs .net , so i am confused as to why this book was not . get another book as this one will be only of use for terminology and oop theory . it was a waste on money for me . 
books neg 597.txt alexander pope was not of the romantic period , and any book that thinks he was can be no guide to a gre subject test . this alleged prep text splits hair in nanometers over interpretive questions , asks for identification of the most obscure passages , and frequently explains why b was the right answer , and why a , c , and d were wrong , but leaves that status of e wholly to the realm of mystery . the practice test sent out with the gre registration is different in scope , clarity , and difficulty . i actually tore out a chunk of this book with my teeth in frustration . do n't buy this book . do n't even steal it . spend the money on deluging the publisher with demands to remove it from the shelves and issue written apologies to anyone who ever suffered themselves to use it 
books neg 561.txt i find it difficult to give a self-help book much credibility when it is filled with spelling errors , grammar errors and printing errors . i would think that someone who cares enough to write a book to help people could at least care enough to check her work 
books neg 130.txt oh dear . this is another book like the horrible " who moved my cheese ? " that attempts to manipulate grown adults by treating them like children . like the aforementioned " who thinks my cheese stinks ? " ( or whatever it is called ) , i saw some people in the organisation where i work trying to sneakily weave it into the corporate culture and it lasted about five days . it 's all about making work " fun " . yep , work can be " fun " . tell that to the folks who work in hospital waste disposal . or maybe those who deal with animal cruelty cases . of course , it 's just great " fun " to deal with children who have just had their parents killed , or folks who just lost their kids . because that 's what work is - " fun " - or so this book would have you believe you can convince your workers . of course in the examples i have listed above , it does n't really work too well , because this is really about getting people in perceived lower-end occupations like factories or call-centres to believe their mind-numbing daily tasks can be " fun " . myself , i do have some " fun " at work , but probably like many people with more than one brain cell , it is based on having a laugh with my co-workers about the sheer absurdity of where our work life often takes us . you can call this cynicism , which is probably how it would be viewed by people who buy into this dumb " fish " -style " work must be fun " philosophy . i 'd call it black humour , but it keeps people sane and makes difficult work more bearable . as to the title of my review - this method of making the workplace " fun " in a forced way is very useful if you have employees that you wish to isolate and marginalise . first immerse people in the cult-like atmosphere and tell them that they are now to regard work as " fun " . second , let them know that they now " choose " their attitude - if they are unhappy in any way ( regardless of them doing their work well or not ) , they are " letting the team down " and not complying with the obligation to " make work fun " . third , while the majority of victims or workers , however you choose to view your prey , swallow the " work is fun " message and display the behaviour of sea lions clapping to get a mouthful of fish , you can point to those who have shown a small streak of individual identity and are not having fun at work and use the enron-style message that they " just do n't get it " . in this way , the resistant individual can be said to be " incompatible with our mission and values " , " bad for morale " or just " out of step " . in this way , the " fun-loving " workers , who have now taken on the costume of " forced false fun " can be set against them . of course this will compound their unhappiness and isolate them further until they are totally marginalised and can be tossed on the scrapheap or forced to resign . this book is useful then , if you wish to convince idiots that their " work is fun " . just do n't try it on a group of people with a brain between them who might take their work seriously . they might tell you to stick your " fish " where the sun does n't shine 
books neg 100.txt gary zukav states in his introduction " i had never studied physics . in fact i did n't like science and i had no mathematical aptitude . on opra ( tv ) he admitted that he does not have a tv which may explain his lack of contemporary physics let alone any depth . i noticed that some reviewers refer to the " new physics " is that like " new age " or voodoo physics ? 90% of the matter must be missing from this book . or else how can he take physics out of context and make such fantastic leaps to religions parallels that he knows little of . he even twists the religion around to serve some unknown purpose . many people say they did not understand physics until this book ; surprises , you still do not . you now know what zukav wished physics was . take anti-mater for instants that does not mean the opposite of mater . and the relationship between particles has no correlation with the relationship of dogs and cats . at least get it straight before mixing it up . try reading some of these : " the ascent of man by jacob bronowski " . the book available everywhere the dvd 's available from the uk . " the upanishads " by eknath easwaran ( editor ) , michael n . nagler ( photographer ) or just about any mainstream material on physics and religion . then if you still want to mix worlds into one read someone saner : " the tao of physics : an exploration of the parallels between modern physics and eastern mysticism " by fritjof capra . also on the fringe but not as radical as zukav is a series called " what the bleep . " ( both in books and on video ) 
books neg 546.txt do you know how clever alan trachtenberg is ? i mean , do you really , really know ? ! because if not , this book is for you . trachtenberg 's book is only superficially about indians or americans , it is about the obscure conections he can draw between unrelated things- -because he is very clever , you know . in so far as this book has a thesis , that it is it 
books neg 678.txt at first glance this is a great book . however , once you 've read it a few times you begin to notice the bottles of coke that feature in almost every illustration . the author , illustrator , and publisher should be ashamed of themselves . we all know that kids are exposed to lots of advertising on tv and at the movies , but do we really need to start worrying about product placements in children 's books as well ? this is a clever book and i was looking forward to sharing it with friends and exploring the other books in the series . the greed of those involved with this book have changed my mind , however 
books neg 616.txt a great resource for first time and experienced importers who do not fully understand their responsibilites as an importer . 
books neg 952.txt the title says it all . one can do better w / appleyard 's book 
books neg 606.txt as a fan of gitlin , i was hoping that he 'd give me the bottom line - his bottom line - on the air we breathe today , the same way that brave souls such as lasch , marcuse , and bell have done . but gitlin is n't brave . he admits , honestly , up front , that he will reach few conclusions , and merely wants to lay out what we face each day on the streets , on tv , and on the net . what follows is a stream-of-consciousness depiction of life today . i want more than that from gitlin . i want his conclusions , not some lame statement that he has n't reached any yet . he 's not getting any younger . lots of other fabulous thinkers have failed at this stage of their lives . it 's time for his masterpiece - the next book , perhaps 
books neg 215.txt seems amidst the turbulence and brouhaha of that james frey fiasco , anybody who now pens their auto-bios have to first be as famous and beloved as billy crystal . but then they can only put out the cotton-candy coney island fluff as ' 700 sundays ' is . granted , the book is based on crystal 's highly-praised tony award winning theatrical performance about time with his father and relatives when growing up during the 50s et al . but it 's nothing more than an appetizer to fill in and / or tide one over during the day and night kaddish . yet in ripping a page out of billy 's book , it 's not hard to imagine how that rapid-fire exchange between him and his agent went . it probably went something like : " hey , bubby , how about writing a book talking about your 700 sundays with your pop ? " " well , i 'm not a writer per se . i just jot down a few notes here and there , and then go out and perform the material on stage . " " so here 's a few blank pages of paper ; write down what you have . " " it 'll only be 45 maybe 50 pages at most ; and it sounds and looks much better than it reads . " " do n't worry , bubby , i know people who know people who...you get the idea...at the publishers . here 's their recipe : they 'll take your 50 wholesale pages and spread ` em out across 180 retail pages . ' how ? ' may you ask ! well , they 'll cut ` em in half , then cut ` em in half again . and using big ink letters so even grandmas can read it without their glasses ; surround it by a whole lot of white space ; toss in some pictures at different angles from your family album - - slap it all together between two hardcovers...it 'll be just fine . " " yes , but.. . " " do n't worry . consider it like a vintage bottle of mogen david 20 / 20 wine , aged a few months before it makes it to the shelves of your favorite corner liquor store hangout . in this case , the local bookstores . oh , and make sure you give ` em just enough to whet their taste buds ; leave ` em wanting more and thirsty for more . people 'll drink it up . " " yes , but.. . " " do n't worry , face . everybody loves ya . just toss in a few tidbits from your routines about satchmo and mantle , you 'll be all right . do n't forget now , we 've got the sequels all lined up for ya too . y'know ` 700 mondays ; ' then ` 700 tuesdays ' and so on . yes'sir , i can see it all now : we 've got the lock on all those 700 days of the week shtick . oh , and we 'll do some holiday editions too , starting with ` 700 hanukkahs ! ' " you 're still friends with that kid , adam sandler , back from your snl days , are n't ya ? ! yes , so we 'll get you and him together to come up with new lyrics to that hanukkah song of his . it 'll be a great collaboration . it 's good to pass down the ladder to them other kids climbing up once you 've made it . y'know god blesses and does n't forget those things by them who do . yes , ok , so we 'll go ahead from there and do ` 700 passovers ! ' " and it 'll be an annual event too , dont'cha know . just think , when people see chuck heston...may god keep a special place in heaven for him...when people see chuck heston and the ten commandments , they 'll be thinking about you too , billy . yes'sir , we 'll have em crying and laughing every year on passover , you 'll see . " oh , and holy of holies , out of the deal we 'll get ` 700 yom kippurs ! ' you 'll see . but this will be only for our people , billy , you understand . so you might have to dig deep to get material for it . but that 's what authors do , they dig deep . but you already knew that , right ? can you dig it , man ? i knew that you could . " yes , but.. . " " do n't worry , face , everybody loves ya ! your books do n't have to be earth-shattering or thought-provoking or anything like that . but hey listen , with a book deal , a books-on-tape deal , and who knows even a movie deal , we 'll turn your little leaden bits into golden nuggets . mark my words we will . " and say , since you have n't had a hit movie in awhile...no offense...we 're going to get martin scorsese to produce and direct your life story . yes , it 'll be something like ' pinch me i 'm still jewish : the billy crystal story ' in widescreen and all that jazz . it 's what everybody in hollywood 's doing right now . yeah , no use waiting until your dying or dead already , billy - god forbid . no , siree , bubby ! ! " so scorsese will do the movie on the cheap , because god knows the man deserves an oscar already . you know it , i know it , we all know it , billy . and not just an honorary or lifetime achievement either , but the really big one , see ! and just imagine , would n't it be something if you were hosting the awards ceremony and handed marty his own oscar ? ! yes , well , we can schmooze on about all this stuff later . " but for now , with the books and everything , you 'll be a one-man franchise , yes you will ! you 'll be on the new york times best seller list from now until forever ! it 'll be great ! ! " " yes , but.. . " " oh and well , i did n't want to say anything just yet , but , okay , here goes : there might be plans to expand everything too ! listen , bubby , i know somebody who knows somebody who...you get the idea...over at the networks . " we can do a little chris rock in the neighborhood sort of thing . we 'll put a kid who looks and acts like you - about as tall as you - into the neighborhood that you and your family lived in , see . " and it 's going to be a period piece too ! we 'll introduce all the new kids to the stars of yesteryear - - y'know , cantor , jolson , jessel , durante ! throw in some goniffs and shiksas that the cast can work off of every week - - it 'll be fun ! " chris rock is great . but you can be greater too . listen , face , we 'll make it a celebration . something like ' growing up mazel tov ! ' maybe we get 700 shows out of it . maybe less , maybe more , but people will still love it anyway . you 'll see ! " " yes , but , well , i 'm not really a writer / author . i 'm an entertainer , so why would i want to do any of this ? " " we could make a couple of dollars ! " " okay . i 'm in ! " and so it went and so it goes . final analysis : a so not looking mahvelous , better luck next time , with all due respect , sadly not recommended book . 
books neg 969.txt i have yet to read this book , however , so far the ***** average rating is quite suspicious.. . each one of the three *****-reviewers , does not have a single other review in their profile . i am at the stage where i am trying to learn as much as possible about spreads ' trading , so i would greatly appreciate if someone who actually has real-life experience trading futures spreads and who has also read this book , to do everyone of the rest of us a favor , and post an honest review - please , we need a counterbalance to the nonsense posted by those who are most likely associated w / the author or his publisher. . 
books neg 291.txt & quot ; salvador&quot ; completely discredits joan didion and all of her books . the two weeks she is believed to have & quot ; lived&quot ; in el salvador was actually a mere four hours . any truths in this book , and there are but a handful , have been obtained by outside sources , not by her own & quot ; research . &quot ; i lived in el salvador when she came in to gather info for her story . it is an outrage that she so flippantly used the sufferings of the salvadorans to effect personal gain . if you want to read fiction , go ahead . she 's a good storyteller . as a service to yourself , however , keep in mind that the author has almost zero first hand knowledge of what she writes . the only reason i have the book at all is that my father gave it to me . what a shame that he wasted his money on this piece of trash 
books neg 716.txt the joke here is that krugman is convinced he can write . he ends his little intro with the smug assertion that " maybe economists can write after all , " offering himself as proof . ( krugman cannot write well , but he has mastered the clumsy , undistinguished style of a bad lit professor- --the kind of tenured mediocrity that dominates academic publishing- --an accomplishment he 's very proud of . to use his own favorite " emphasizing " gimmick : krugman stinks- --full stop . ) the punchline is that shortly afterward , the new york times hired him . it was a match made in middlebrow heaven . ( i should add that i do like the substance of krugman 's newspaper articles , if not the style . an enemy of the current white house is a friend of mine . ) as far as the economics go , he 's pro-nafta and pro - " free trade " just like all establishment economists , and completely unwilling to critique the real forces at work in international markets . do n't waste your time 
books neg 408.txt i was doing the new change series and felt something was n't right.found out on the internet it 's a cult all the way.this book is the mildest of all her teachings.let me tell you if you do n't do it her way you will not enter the kingdom of heaven.it 's all so subtle when you sit there week after week and watch the dvd 's it 's all about her and her son and so subtle remnant fellowship the only called out ones.you 'd better get in the arch or you are not the true followers of the lord.well gwen we are saved by grace through faith , it 's a gift from god , not of works so no one can boast ! that 's all she does is boast how sinless or tries to be sinless she is and her perfect remnant.i have been talking to several people that she has judge and judged hard and it makes me sick ! just look up on the internet type in gwen shamblin and you will judge for yourself what this weighdown teaching is all about.judge not least you be judge and why do you look at the speak in your brothers eye when all the time you have a log in your own eye ? i never heard anything about god 's grace it 's all twisted scripture.there 's fruit all right in these peoples lives well other cults have fruit too ! and the really overweight people if they are totally honest with you they starved themselves to get the rest of their weight off.just beware ! ! 
books neg 433.txt is n't it frustrating when a book spends a lot of time building up the problem-to which you say , & quot ; yeah ! yeah ! that 's me ! & quot ; and then gives you no answer , or a weak one to which you say , & quot ; no duh ! & quot ; i 'm afraid this book is one of them . the title is misleading because you assume he will help you find the life you 've only dreamed of , or at least point you in the right direction to get started ! but i was left depressed after reading it because it basically says that god gives us desires that we ca n't have on earth so that we will long for him and heaven . i do n't believe that 's the abundant life jesus promised . so i went to the bible . ( i should have gone there first ! ) i looked up every time it talks about desires and got my answer . & quot ; delight yourself in the lord and he will give you the desires of your heart ! & quot ; ps. 37:4 so i set out to seek him . i started reading & quot ; knowing god&quot ; by j.i. packer and began to get answers to all my questions about desire ! i hope you 'll find them too-in him 
books neg 428.txt i picked up the audio book from the library , and did n't know by the title and author 's name ( my first jance book ) that this was chick lit . i do n't feel this book was something i would 've started had i known . it started real well , and ms. jance knows how to reel you in with her writing . midway it got off track for me when the the protagonist started blogging about her unfair release as a new anchor , and then about her friend who died of als , and then came the long responses to the blogs . it just got sickening to this reader and made it hard to stay with what could 've been a decent suspense drama . 
books neg 688.txt this breviary is disappointing to traditional catholics ! novus ordo catholics will be right at home with this but if you are a traditional orthodox catholic who favors the roman rite and who has been traumatized by the profanations inflicted by iconaclastic innovations , this is the same ole same ole vatican ii " stuff . " 
books neg 905.txt extremely difficult to dig through the excessive examples in order to find the relevant theorems and results . because of this , the problems at the end of each chapter become exercises in tedium , as more time is spent searching for the necessary theorems in the text than in actually working out the solution . i do not recommend 
books neg 626.txt ms wilson needs to make up her mind whether to write a book of literary criticism or a biography . the book suffers from too much critical analysis of sassoon 's poetry and not enough about his life . either he was an extremely boring and prosaic poet or ms. wilson needs to delve deeper into his intellectual and emotional development - really his cricket exploits and his hunting prowess does not lend anything to the very essence of his life . ms. wilson 's prose is turgid and repetitive . an extremely disappointing work 
books neg 655.txt this book is a standard one for graduate-level algebra courses . i practically wore mine out over a year-long course , and came to know it intimately . dummit and foote is a book that teaches via wordy explanations and lots of examples . of course , examples are very important . however , the explanations are often muddled and not clear ( e.g. see tensor products ) . they frequently relegate important theorems or definitions to the exercises , and the organization is poor . consequently , it can be very hard to find things later when you might need them . also , the bindings on this book frequently fail . my book fell apart very quickly , and i know other students who had the same problem . i recommend rotman 's advanced modern algebra instead of dummit and foote . 
books neg 184.txt i love mr. koontz and have long read his novels...watchers , intensity , odd thomas and so on but this was dissappointing , not to mention just plain depressing . and come on with the corny slap-stick banter between the characters ! okay okay , we know the 9 year - old leilani has a high iq but really ! she speaks like a 50 year-old rocket scientist and cracks jokes with every sentence ? these characters were too unbeliveable for me to get into . therefore , i put it down after 350 pages of this twattle . koontz has done much better in the past . lastly , let 's keep dogs out of your next few novels , please ? it 's getting a bit old . how about a smart cat or raven for your next novel , maybe mixed with some more down-to-earth folks that speak like real people do ? 
books neg 812.txt the venona secrets is a deceptive book . it tries to pass itself off as an objective portrait of soviet spying in the us , but by the time the reader is a third of the way in it becomes apparent that the authors are more interested in smearing " liberals " than in painting a true portrait of their subject . although the information the authors provide is interesting , the biased and heavy-handed way it 's presented negates whatever scientific value it might have . for example , the authors insist that j . robert oppenheimer was working for the soviets ( they call this a " fact " ) yet they present absolutely no proof that oppenheimer was anything more than an idealistic , naive man who could n't keep his mouth shut and whose only contribution to the advancement of communism in america was money to the cpusa . the book is full of these so-called " facts " with little to nothing to back them up . the authors praise joe mccarthy and claim in the last chapter of the book that he was barely a factor in the anti-communist hysteria of the 1940 's and 1950 's , ignoring the fact that mccarthy capitalized on fears of communism obscenely and was wrong far more than he was right about who was and was not loyal . mccarthy 's methods of terrorism and hypocrisy in running hearings that could have been chaired by stalin are completely overlooked , as are the innocent lives he destroyed in his smear campaign . the authors also praise senator henry jackson as some sort of all-american crusader against communism , not even mentioning that all of jackson 's anti-communist attacks were motivated by his virulent anti-semistism and hatred of blacks . overall this book is nothing more than an indictment of liberal ideology - - one can simply hear the disdain for liberals dripping from the authors ' prose - - and should not be given much credence by scholars not interested in right-wing propaganda who want an objective account of venona . the authors have sacrificed their credibility for their conservative agenda ; they deserve not to be taken seriously 
books neg 957.txt while i think the basics of the book are good , i do n't like how fat-free items are treated as always being the best option . i did much better on the south beach diet , where good fats in moderation is emphasized as well as natural foods . fat is what makes us feel satisfied . after years of trying to diet by limiting fat , it was a revelation to me i could lose weight without feeling hungry and deprived . an omelette made of egg whites and fat-free cheese is not at all satisfying and not necessary . secondly , many foods are altered in a negative way to make them low-fat . i just noticed this week that cool whip lite has high fructose corn syrup and hydrogenated vegetable oil as two of it 's top ingredients . this ca n't be better for you than actual cream . i also prefer the book " french woman do n't get fat " , which emphasizes enjoying food by eating smaller portions of good , natural food when it 's in season . the pleasure of good food makes you stop thinking diet and start thinking about lifestyle . i feel that the g.i diet is oversimplified and written to appeal to an audience that has never thought about eating right before . i think this book is about the mechanics of healthy eating when the cause of overeating is a lot more complicated . it certainly can help get people on the right track , but i think there are better books available . 
books neg 637.txt do n't bother buying ' the wonder of girls , borrow it from a friend cause it will only make a turn around the office with many a snicker.i could n't think of a girl i grew up with including myself who needed constant reassurance or had more trouble with math than boys.i agree with the other review about we grow our own brains and make connections.infact , research shows if you give any child a chance at spatial tasks , the child improves.girls often are given dolls . , so how can a girl develope spatial ability playing with a doll ? go fig ! gurian does n't tell the reader anything about experience and environment ~ instead he is vocal about fixed brain function which of course leaves a child in a narrow subgroup.girls are all lumped into one.i would n't let your daughter read this book , ' it might give her a bad case of low self~esteem and leave her wondering about herself as a woman.gurian wants women in second place at best.teach your daughter to believe in herself not some pop psychology from a questionable author bent on messing with her success 
books neg 562.txt this book is terribly organized . i 'm not sure what happened in writing this book , but it seems clear that professor jones did not compile this in the chronological order that it is printed in . my main complaint is that rather obscure concepts / people / events are repeatedly referred to , and then only later does jones bother to define them . ( i would almost prefer that he not define something at all , rather than offering a definition 100 pages after his first reference to it ! ) the fact that the book has an index only further infuriated me - clearly the author / publisher knew where all these terms were located throughout the book , yet did not bother to offer a definition in the appropriate / first reference to the concept . examples are numerous , but here are a few : **robe nobility : referenced on pages 139 , 152 , 183. defined ? ( pg . 183 ) **sans culottes : first referenced on page 189 , defined on page 231. **louis-sebastien mercier : referenced on pages 11 , 138 , 178 , 189 , 200 , 204 , 212 , 213. when did jones provide information ( that he was a " journalist , dramatist and observer of parisian mores " ) on just who mercier is ? page 215. aside from that , there are some plain old errors . one such is in the text box on saint genevieve . jones mentions that she negotiated with frankish military chieftains in the 570s and 580s . she died in 512ad , so the negotiations seem improbable . ( 470s & 480s would be correct , but i should not have to figure that out . ) the redeeming quality of the book is that if does offer information on paris if you are willing to sift through the above mentioned annoyances . and paris is not such a bad subject 
books neg 646.txt this entire book reads like an 8th-grade research paper . from an uncountable amount of grammatical and spelling errors to numerous repeated sentences ( literally quotes retyped word for word , pages apart ) , it 's difficult not to get irritated while reading this . the information on weezer is great , but often times the author veers away from focusing on the band and gives too much information on things that even the most obsessed fan wo n't care about . unfortunately , this appears to be the only book on weezer out right now , so if you want to learn more about the band in book form this is all you 've got . i suggest just browsing around their official website , because it 's obvious that 's where the author got quite a bit of his information . do n't waste your money 
books neg 476.txt i 'll be blunt . i did n't care for this book . i bought it thinking it would delve into the subject of the gnostic sophia . instead the author goes this way and that and hardly even mentions her . i really think the title was misleading . as a sidenote , lucifer is given a bad rap in this book and many concede that lucifer plays an important part in later understandings of gnosis 
books neg 773.txt the information is sketchy and factually incorrect in some places , and the book would appear not to have been proof-read - for example the botanical names are mis-spelled in several different ways . there are much better books on the subject available 
books neg 2.txt the fatalistic view of conservativism is expressed by kirk even before the first chapter concludes as he states , " [edmund] burke , could he see our century , never would concede that a consumption-society , so near suicide , is the end for which providence has prepared man " . but wait . the conservative mind was first published in 1953 , the mythical golden age of america with ward and june cleaver and normal rockwell . meanwhile , burke , a contemporary of the 18th century is pining for the 14th century . what a depressing ideology to think that we always live in the worst of times . there are certain ideological threads that carry throughout the book including a belief in the stratification of society . voting should be the privilege of a small minority rather than universal democracy which kirk saw as contributing to a degradation of society . kirk writes , " what men really are seeking , or ought to seek , is not the right to govern themselves , but the right to be governed well " but what he offers is a lack of true representation . the author pines for the days of the aristocrat and although he defines the elites by wealth , intellect and lineage he clearly includes race and gender . is it so surprising that kirk lauds some of the worst racists in american history like nathanial bedford forrest whom he describes as ` magnificent ' before quoting his racist vitriol ? in a particularly galling move he referrers to pro-slavery advocate john c . calhoun as a ` defender of minorities ' and praises john randolph for , among other things , opposing doctrines of racial equality . kirk goes on about calhoun 's support for states rights but his support only extended to southern states as he supported the fugitive slave act which forced federal officials and law officials in northern states to return runaway slave under penalty of $1000 fine . he supported laws that would make it illegal for northerners to even protest slavery . for calhoun states rights were nothing more than a self serving attempt to keep slavery safe . kirk shows his own racist stripes when he refers to northern ` anti-slavery agitation ' and supports calhoun for choosing racial preservation over liberty , although calhoun has an extremely warped view of liberty . one wonders if kirk could even fathom the supreme irony in stating the calhoun mounted a ` strong protest against domination by class or region' . another thread is his desire to see the reunification of church and state . the duty of the church is to keep the unclean masses in line . quoting samuel coleridge , the author makes it clear that the truth or falsity of the church is irrelevant ; it is an institution that must be preserved as the primary means of social control . sounding like the inspiration for disgraced chief justice roy moore , russell kirk urges that , " state and church ought never to be separate entities , true religion is not merely an expression of national spirit ; it rises far superior to earthly law , being , indeed , the source of all law " . kirk sees a difference between the faulty laws of man and the laws of god but never draws a distinction . i have to wonder if , like the modern reconstructionist , kirk wanted to see the laws of leviticus imposed including executing homosexuals and blasphemers . he never explains how one might recognize a law of god besides using prejudice . the third thread would be kirk 's anti-intellectual ( or perhaps pro-stupid ) stance . he refers to human reason as ` puny ' and ` impotent ' and claims that we find the mind of god in prejudice and tradition . ` prejudice ' , he writes , ` is of ready application in the emergency ; it previously engages the mind in a steady course of wisdom and virtue , and does not leave the man hesitating in the moment of decision , skeptical , puzzled , and unresolved' . actually what he is advocating is for the general population to turn over rational thought to the church and those higher up the social chain . citizens are encouraged to exhibit awe and veneration for god and those in higher stations and authority . in order to grab the golden fleece of populism conservatives have lately had to abandon overt stratification although veneration of wealth is certainly still evident . like calhoun the support for states rights remains a complete faade . i found russell kirk 's salesmanship of conservativism generally repellent but recommend the book because it remains a fairly enlightening view of an ideology that continues to thrive to this day . 
books neg 676.txt i was really looking forward to reading this book since i am both a brain researcher and a professional musician . first it was highly disorganized and rambled from subject to subject without any real framework . much of what the author spoke of was not related to how the brain processes music but speaks to the way research is conducted . even this was sparse at best . he attempted to explain the elements of music so that the majority of people could understand it . however it became too watered down and even lost me . lastly the author was entirely too self congradulatory as to his own accomplishments . pushing the envelope of science should be award enough . for these reasons i can not recommend this book 
books neg 288.txt maybe it is me but this novel was about as exciting as watching the grass grow . it is the first mystery novel that i have read by a female author and i hope that it is not representative of the gender . but , by the reviews here , all by women , i can see that jance writes to that crowd . her readers seem to like being taken down the aimless boring pass of relationship drible . if you want to spend 10 pages with the main character sitting and talking about nothing in her mothers house or on her friends porch talking about their health than this book is for you . it is amazing that jance can start great with the murder scene and then 200 pages later start uncovering her first clue , the insulin bottle . jance gives no indication that oak vista or the stranded stranger are even remotely related to the story . do not start this book it is absolutely a total waste of time . if you want a good mystery read coben , crais , patterson or michael connely 
books neg 436.txt we absolutely loved " cloudy with a chance of meatballs " ( i highly recommend it ) but this is nowhere near as good . most of the story is just rehashing the original book , with a little politically-correct " let 's ship the extra food to the hungry " thrown in . lame 
books neg 977.txt i am an elementary school teacher previewing this book in order to find a developmentally appropriate text for a study of religion . i am not religious and i strive to take a learner 's stance and a scholarly approach to any unit of study that i present to my students . betsy and guilio maestro have written other fabulous books on several topics ; books that i have made available to my students for their research because they were accurate and presented without bias . this particular work unfortunately is neither . their gesture was genuine and gracious , an example of the tolerance they wanted to promote . no deity need take offense ; all were included in the pantheon of possibilities . it is however filled with inaccuracies and contradictions and finally a statement of belief by the authors . though written as an overview of many of the world religions , this book culminates in a doctrinal statement of the confusing theology of religious pluralism , the view that no religion is objectively truer than any other . one point ought to be obvious , though : everything ca n't be true . the religions mentioned are like oil and water ; they ca n't mix because they represent opposite and competing concepts . an appeal to their similarities does n't help . we would never say aspirin and arsenic are basically the same just because they both come in tablet form . it 's the differences that are critical . that 's true in all areas of life , especially the spiritual . if god exists , he 's either personal or not personal . he ca n't be both . if god is merely a cosmic energy , why ask his blessing ? he ca n't hear or respond . if he 's a person , then he 's someone , not everyone . this book is not as much a story of religions as it is a recipe for religious stew 
books neg 871.txt the only good thing about this book is that it was short . even in writing about a great man with incredible contributions to our country , gary hart repeats himself over and over and over and over again . ok , the monroe doctrine is important , i get it ! i read about 2 or 3 presidential biographies per month and i cannot remember a book as bad as this . if you want a quick view of james monroe , you can read the first chapter and skip the rest but this book is not good for more than that 
books neg 129.txt it takes indeed some real power to get so many five-star reviews for such shallow writing . this book is a very poor way of handling thw well-known concept of paradigms and paradigm shifts . if you are at all familiar with these concepts simply forget buying this book as ( just because you paid money for it ) you will naturally be inclined to read it and this will be a total waste of time and energy . there are so many books on creativity , innovative thinking and innovation ; look for them . this is a book on nothing : was it a busines book on business models ? was it a cookbook for personal development ? what was this for god 's sake , apart from being an insult on iltelligence 
books neg 10.txt i hope the ending is illogical at least and is fiction . if thoughts are that powerful , they need to be resrained earlier . i do n't know who survivied but he might feel very guilty about the others earlier and question if he had to survive . logic can be quite painful when left alone , but sometimes it has to be 
books neg 704.txt what i learned in this book could have been placed on 1 page . sure , business life is a challenge and your competitors are not your friends , but this book did not deliver on facts and details . i do n't see much difference between this book and the guru-books 
books neg 439.txt i had high hopes for this book . there are too many parts that feel self-serving and pointless . i felt like i was reading the author 's autobiography rather than reading a book on innovation . the material on ideo could have so much better from a content perspective but it stopped short of providing practical information to the reader . i found the preface by one of the author 's former professors to be the best part of the book . i would not recommend buying this book 
books neg 177.txt i tried reading it , and made it about 3-4 pages . i 'm pretty sure that 's a bad sign . i seem to recall mr . sedaris writing about his mother 's bedpan or something . the impression i instantly got was " beep beep ! pretentious young writer peddling so-called bad childhood experiences for fame , money and sympathy . " guess what , mr . sedaris ? i do n't give a ( expletive deleted ) about your so-called bad childhood . millions of people have bad childhoods and do n't play the sympathy card . check out augusten burrough 's books , they manage to have humor and touching moments without this kind of pretentious style . 
books neg 764.txt ch.9 - heated moments - graphic details of a girl starting her period . writing makes it seem that a girl 's period is something wrong 
books neg 447.txt watson and crick pilfered the data of rosalind franklin ( unbeknownst to her ) and her data then led them to their ultimate discovery of the double-helix nature of dna . instead of acknowledging her with praise , watson goes on to belittle her and cast her in dark tones without understanding the context in which she was working ( ie , a woman working in male-dominated science n the 1950 's ) - - a classic case of reaction formation . maybe a brilliant man but with poor insight into human relationships 
books neg 3.txt i was intrigued by the title , which supposedly links jedi wisdom to christianity . well , after 60 pages or so , i have got the feeling that the staub is trying to wrap jedi in christian cloth and failing at that . the author speaks of the difficulty in leading a christian life . but , i say that any religious life ( be it christian , islam or otherwise ) is hard because it turns the back on the norm or the conventional . i am convinced that yoda is a zen master ; the force is derived from tao , not god as interpreted by the orthodox religion ( i am purposefully leaving out christian mysticism , which is another beast altogether . ) . a better book on the subject of theology in star wars is " the dharma of star wars . " 
books neg 189.txt to cover all the problems with continuity , logic , theology , geography and plain common sense in _left behind_ would take a whole book . one hardly knows where to start . perhaps it is too early to assess the damage that will be done to christian religion by this trashy novel . as such , it is n't even a decent trashy novel ; instead of steamy sex scenes , we get sanctimonious sermonizing . worse than that , what the authors have done is to turn the powerful imagery of the bible into a cheap comic book , ignoring its spiritual messages in favor of promoting a self-centered preoccupation with getting a ticket to heaven before it 's too late . the comic book aspect can not be overemphasized . even if you suspend disbelief enough to accept the rapture scenario ( an idea with virtually no scriptural support ) , little in the characters ' actions , thought processes or dialog rings true . one gets the impression that the book was hastily thrown together by a junior high school student . god ends up looking like the ultimate villain , demanding that you hurry up and get yourself and your friends on his side or else . whatever happened to the inspiring christian writers of yesteryear ? who is the present-day equivalent of c . s . lewis , or catherine marshall , and why are n't they getting more attention ? these were writers who actually made you think . lahaye and jenkins seem to believe that thinking is the last thing god wants us to be doing ; they hardly miss a chance to put down anyone with any hint of intelligence or independent thought . they show no interest in answering the sort of hard questions that surviving non-believers in such a world might ask . one wonders if they have ever met a non-believer at all , or witnessed the aftermath of a disaster for that matter . these days , it seems as if all the media attention is on the likes of ann coulter or pat robertson , whose mission seems to be to turn christianity into a twisted , bigoted caricature of what it once was . perhaps all the great religious thinkers really have been raptured . if _left behind_ is an example of the sort of writing that we can expect from christian writers , then it is the church itself that is in danger of being left behind 
books neg 203.txt i have read all twelve of these books and hoping there will be more . the language is pretty graphic but they are so funny you can usually ignore those words . these books can cause you embaesment , since i read where ever i have to sit and wait and you burst out laughing people do stare and wonder if you are losing it . please we would all like to see more of these 
books neg 418.txt i have read baldacci 's first four novels and have immensely enjoyed all of them . this one , however , is just awful . not only the character 's dialogue but even the story itself is written like a really bad detective movie . the only thing i can think of to compare it to is this : there was a series of calvin and hobbes cartoons where calvin imagines himself as a private detective and they are written like the old detective shows , with lame lines like " the gun was loaded , and so was i " . that is exactly what this book is like , except it goes on for 400 pages . there is n't a single interesting character in this book , in my opinion . you just have to slog your way through the book to get to the end . it 's the bataan death march of novels . i hope this is an aberration - i 'll certainly give him another try since the first four novels that i read were so good . but one more stinker like this one and i 'll drop his name from my reading list 
books neg 737.txt unless you are interested in reading one chapter after another plugging bear spray , do n't waste your time . the stories are all re-hashed versions of nearly identical situations ; man goes into the wilderness-man sees bear-man uses udap bear spray on bear-bear retreats . this book is one long advertisement for udap ! ! my book was actually misprinted , missing 50 pages right in the middle . initially i wanted to return my book for a complete one but , after reading the rest of 223 pages , i did n't want to waste any more of my time with this one story 
books neg 696.txt i bought this book and was sorely disappointed . nothing specific . just lots of references to self analyzation to see what you think you want to do . you could do this yourself without a book 
books neg 699.txt his fragmentary thoughts are difficult to follow . there is some wisdom here and there , but not worth the headache you 'll get trying to decipher what is going on in his head . here is an example : " if you say your own name to yourself at such a moment , it will seem utterly alien . you will then understand the sacrament of baptism . " huh ? at first , i thought his writing may just be over my head , but after re-reading most of it , i realized it was just bad . it 's like the whole book was written when he was high or something . some very good ideas , but most can be found in other , better written books . 
books neg 98.txt i would very much like to know the names of all the songs contained in this book before i decide to buy it . how may i access the " contents " page listing all the songs in this book ? peter de nies 
books neg 944.txt i was eager to read this book only to find it a terrible dissapointment . one would think that a ' scholar ' such as he would have at least a basic understanding of the hebraic roots of judeo-christianity . it was obvious that he clearly was clueless to the known messianic signs spoken of in the gospels . he is also clueless to the pharisidical judaism of the time..not comprehending that all of christ 's teachings were completely in keeping with true judaism . all of which can be found in contemporary rabbinical teachings of his time . this book , which some unfortunate readers will swallow as truth will only continue to propagate a backward understanding of the gospels . like it or not..the new testament writings are hebraic and explain what fulfilled judaism is . those who need to divorce judaism from christianity are offering a church which is already confused , just more confusion . it is through studying the hebraic roots that we even begin to understand the ' difficult ' sayings of our lord ; ' fullfillment of the law ' , binding and loosing ( the law ) ..etc as well as the parables . the delivering of the deaf mute..was a messianic sign , because the rabbi 's knew that ' they ' had to ask the said demon its name but he did not . lazerus 's resurrection was a messianic sign because the rabbi 's believed that anyone could come back to life during the first ' three ' days after death . cleansing of a leper was messainic sign because the rabbi 's understood that it was a ' divine ' punishment , that only god could lift . how else can we link isa 53 with the ' stripes ' he was to received as part of fulfilling the punishment the law required for transgression , and yet ' minus one' . had our lord transgressed the law , then the jews themselves could have legally killed him . remember paul ( saul ) ? he also does not understand john and his huge part in the whole picture , in that the kingdom ' began ' with john . he was the ' breachmaker ' as fortold in prophecy . this is hebraic roots 101. people , please study the hebraic roots of christianity and do not waste your time with this book . the fact that he keeps defending his position as ' not ' anti-semetic , should give you a clue 
books neg 148.txt i got this as both a book and an audio file . i had waited to read it and was surprised by both the enthusiasm of the content and its author , but also by how he snuck in some odd biblically unsound thoughts ( e.g. , i gasped when he suggested christ went to hell...what bible passage evidences this ? ) . i agree with how he suggests the enemy is out to deceive us and keep us asleep...but wonder if i go further how much more eldredge will slip in of his own peculiar biblical misintrepretations . where were his editors when this was being written ? why take sensible good sections and mar them with oddities ? i havent read all the reviews here but as one of those " conservatives " frequently mentioned in them i have to admit i may not even finish this book for fear of what else eldredge has slipped up on . i did appreciate his story about daniel and the " delayed " angel...but am left wondering if i need go deeper into researching that as possible misintepretation too . what a shame this book is turning into such a questionable venture for me . we are at war as the author suggests and we must guard the source material well..the bible well . so far...i may join others and ditch this valiant attempt to energize christians and return to the word itself . i wonder if i can get a refund 
books neg 366.txt a favourite writer goes to prison , keeps a diary which proves to be an enjoyable read , then , upon his release , writes the worst book of his career . the concept of the book is good , as is the idea to blend the characters into the 9-11 tragedy . the first 20 pages flow with typical archer style . then the characters begin to make a series of continuously irrational decisions . my personnal favourite is when 2 characters independantly consider driving either to canada or mexico in order to fly to europe during the 9-11 grounding of air traffic . the idea that new yorkers would n't know that montreal is the nearest international airport seem laughable . while there is a direct highway to montreal , archer sends the main character to toronto which reqires a least 6 different highway changes , is in the wrong direction and nearly twice the drive . once at the border , the border patrol guard turns out to be a world class art historian who apparantly does n't know that mcgill university is in montreal not toronto as is claimed by our hero . the guard then remarks that he will " meet " a collegue of the hero when that peron travels up to the conference . the idea that only one border guard is working the dozens of eastern us / canadian border crossings , with multi-lane checkpoints 24 / 7 is simply the work of a mind out of touch with reality . its fine to change details to enhance the plot and structure of a story , but there is simply no benefit to this sillyness . dan cormie 
books neg 180.txt i 'm about halfway thru this and trying to decide whether or not to sell it to a used bookstore without finishing . i kept thinking , maybe it 's me , maybe there 's something wrong with my attention span that i lose interest in these stories half way thru . they all seem too long , unfocussed . what they really feel like is novels that have been brutally hacked down to the maximum allowable length for short stories . the quality puzzles me because i 'm almost always happily surprised by the quality and variety of short sf i read in the zines . i have n't followed this anthology over the years , but this particular edition , imho , shows bad selection and worse editing 
books neg 414.txt i bought this for a quick trip based on the good reviews and the fact that the new fodor 's is n't out yet . this has a lot of beautiful pictures and good background explanations , but is n't great if you actually want to see much beyond holy sites and ruins . the maps are not comprehensive enough ( the one for modern jerusalem did n't cover a third of the city , and the one for tel aviv was tiny ) , and there is not enough practical information about food , hotels , and getting from place to place . i was disappointed . 
books neg 376.txt very disappointing , as well as boring ! ! generalities , of little help . have seen simple , cheap books with better ideas and tips . the writer might be a grandmaster , but this will not help other creatures . " forget " about this book 
books neg 154.txt i had heard of the importance , and significance of " the education of henry adams " for a long time . i finally determined i needed to read it . i acutally read it twice , and found less in it the second time than the first . i am sorry i missed the greatness of this book . i am sure there was something wrong with me , but i found it to be incredibly unimpressive . perhaps this came from the fact that henry adams was not a likeable man . he was famous for holding court in his home near the white house , and making caustic and negative comments about every president who lived there . granted , he lived in washington at a time when there were plenty of second-rate occupants of the white house . but the thought of people wasting their time trying to please a blue-blooded snob like adams depresses me . why did anyone bother ? he lived in an atmosphere of snobbery , sharp-tongues , clever remarks , and brilliant conversation . the world went on without him , truth be told , and he contributed less than the people who walked by his house each day . he was a very good historian in his time . but who reads his books now ? not very many . in short , his own work was not as long-lasting as he would have wanted it to be . maybe the influence of some of the presidents he mocked lasted longer than the published and purchased work of henry adams . " the education of henry adams " does not have much real information . he got education in one place , none in others . surely , the suicide of his wife provided some very painful education for henry- -but he wrote nothing about it in his book . when eric sevareid wrote " not so wild a dream , " it was compared to " the education of henry adams . " that was meant as a compliment . oddly , i think sevareid 's book is much , much better . sevareid wrote of america , the common man , the war , and what it all meant to him . adams needed to get out more . he did not see america- -not the america built by the common citizen who put it all together , and defended it . i gained a trememdous amount from sevareid . i cannot say the same for the work of henry adams . again , a lot of this might be me . perhaps i read the book at a bad time . maybe i needed to read it a third time . i do not know . i do know i do not think this is a great american classic . forgive , please , my ignorance . 
books neg 555.txt a subject of eternal fascination especially for basketball & quot ; nuts&quot ; who grew up in new york . we idolized the terribly tarnished ccny & quot ; wonder five&quot ; who set an unbreakable record by winning both the nit and ncaa titles in 1950 ( it can never be repeated because of the way the tournaments are now scheduled ) . this book is a fictional addendum to rosen 's non-fiction treatment of the original basketball & quot ; scandals&quot ; , as he outlines in his npr interview . unfortunately there are glaring albeit minor errors - - broadway and 43rd street cannot be on the east side of manhattan ; madison square garden has been on 23rd street , and is now above penn station ; in between it occupied the block bounded by 49th and 50th streets and eighth and ninth avenues . these errors are particularly galling in a book by a new yorker who played at hunter college , and they undermine the author 's credibility and care in writing . since this is a fictionalized account of a real occurrence , the game of who is this really is inescapable . hence it is most unfortunate that rosen in his interview avers that some players who were not prosecuted went on to pro careers , and & quot ; a couple are in the hall of fame . &quot ; this tarnishes by inclusiveness such stalwarts as bob cousy ( holy cross , ' 49 ) , dick mcguire ( st. johns , ' 48 ) , bobby wanzer ( seton hall , ' 46 ) , and frank mcguire , the legendary coach at st. john 's , north carolina and south carolina 
books neg 777.txt this book started off very good , but as i read on the reading became ardious . i found it hard work to finish this book . i do n't know why i had such a hard time enjoying the book while all the other reviewser thought it was the best thing since sliced bread , but i would read another shark book , such as shark trouble or close to shore rather than waste my time on this book 
books neg 135.txt despite the fact that hanegraaff 's name is the bigger of the two on the front cover , only the first 40 pages of this very small book are worth reading , and they are the writing of paul maier . his research is helpful , but so limited in scope that you wonder if he was n't given a week-end to write it and come up with as much as he could . every topic needs futher information . a lot more could be said , and maier seems to be the kind of scholar who could have done a lot more . hanegraaff contributes 29 pages of defense of the historical jesus which is an even more surface-level reworking of information covered much better elsewhere . that said , i would give this book to someone who is n't much of a reader but for whom the da vinci code has raised some questions . it is n't much more than a collection of scattered soundbites , but that may have been a good marketing strategy when there is already such a proliferation of secondary literature on what was only a piece of pulp fiction 
books neg 972.txt seven times the sun is not for everyone . it could be a springboard , offering times of the day and night where parents might want to incorporate some kind of rituals to provide their children with a stable and balanced life . but the songs , poems and traditions offered in shea darian 's book are hokey and contrived at best , cumbersome and artificial at worst . none of the other reviews indicated the religious or spiritual aspect of the book . darian is a minister , and all of the poems and songs have a subtle religious bent . true , parents should teach children to be thankful for all they have . but i 'm just thankful amazon has a customer-friendly return policy 
books neg 798.txt i visit england frequently . i have an earlier edition of this book which i find to be very useful , even now . the new version leaves out a lot of the good places that were in the old book and it lacks credibility . i have a hard time taking any of it seriously when it tells me that an english pint is 16 ounces . anyone who is serious about english beer knows that an english pint is 20 ounces 
books neg 21.txt this book is offensive to at least one of the two genders , though it 's hard to say which . it suggests that a man whose brain was transplanted into that of a sensual woman would become a wanton harlot , more or less . whether that 's more insulting to the male brain or the female body , i 'm not sure , but the book portrays neither gender realistically . i like heinlein , and the first 100 or so pages of this book show a lot of potential , but after that the book descends into vapid sexual morass , and it 's not even particularly good at being that . the gender-swapping theme has been a common one in fiction and film in the last 30 years or so , but heinlein joined the ranks of the many authors and directors who treated it as a chance to write pseudo-enlightened erotica instead of literature . more 's the pity 
books neg 657.txt this is the worst book of shakespeare criticism i have ever read . bloom makes no attempt to link one paragraph to the next . it reads like 30 years of lecture notes piled together haphazardly , handed to a graduate student , and entered into a computer over a weekend . he contradicts himself several times . i donated my copy to the library as soon as i was done reading it , so i cannot cite the pages where the contradictions occur ; but several times i recall reading a passage where bloom had just said the exact opposite a few pages earlier . to make matters worse , he even says the bard contradicts himself . he points to supposed paradoxes regarding hamlet 's age , stating that his seeming age does not jive with textual evidence that would put his age at about 30. apparently the point is that if shakespeare contradicts himself , so can bloom . bloom ignores the obvious conclusion that hamlet is a slacker . he has not grown up yet . that is why his parents tell him to come home from school and not to waste his time as a professional student when he should be learning how to run a kingdom . some of the book 's observations are interesting , but they are glossed over and presented as a random jumble from bloom 's notes . interespersed between the passages scribbled down from bloom 's lectures are outbursts where bloom reminds us that shakespeare is without any question whatsover the greatest writer , in verse or prose , who ever lived . bloom is a great critic when he still tries , but in this book he was not even trying 
books neg 718.txt ok , you guys . as i have stated , this book let me down ! it practically ends on page 195 , and there 's still 65 pages to go ! my advice-do n't even start it . also , i tried the killer 's cousin . i was n't pleased with that , either . so , my conclusion : if you 're looking for a good read , do n't expect nanxy werlin to fulfill your needs . if you need good , suspenseful stories , try lois duncan or caroline b . cooney ! one great , outstanding , wonderful book : swimmer-graham masterton 
books neg 867.txt homesick : my own story by jean fritz is a story about an american girl who grows up in china . she spends a good part of her life wishing she could be in america , where she belongs . when she 's not doing that , she 's corresponding with her grandmother , trying to make friends with some young chinese children , and learning british culture in school . as you can see , jean fritz would be an excellent storywriter had she made it up . however , this story is an autobiography , and is in almost no way fictional . jean fritz is an excellent storywriter anyway , though . jean fritz describes the setting as if her pen were a plane ticket . her story line makes it difficult to locate the plot , or even understand the full story . the autobiography is punctuated by emotions . all in all , this is a fine educational history text , but is not , in my opinion , a fitting storybook 
books neg 851.txt i love peterson 's guides , but the birds of mexico is severely lacking . the art certainly holds up to the standard set by the guides to north america , but unfortunately , it can only be considered complete if you tag along two other peterson guides . perhaps a good addition if you wish to complete your collection of peterson guides , but otherwise , buy howell 's or edward 's guides , both of which far outshine this guide when considered alone . howell 's is certainly the most complete , but edward 's guide is a bit handier in the field 
books neg 569.txt firstly , let me say the research nicholas lardy has conducted is commendable and a welcome addition to the existing literature . his data sources are vast and highly informative . the major limitation of this publication is that the central argument is biased . lardy selects those data and pieces of existing literature which support his own view . as a result , major sections of the literature concerning financial reform in transitional economies are simply ignored or brushed over . lardy 's view is the typical western , dare i say & quot ; american&quot ; argument . primarily he uses financial criteria to evaluate the economic performance of china 's state banks . this methodoloy is extremely poor - particularly in the context of china 's trannsitional economy . financial criteria are a horrible guide to both internal and allocative economic efficiency . if anyone would like elaboration on this point feel free to email me . in summary , lardy 's book is informative and makes for interesting reading . however as a piece of economic analysis , its usefulness is limited . the major reason for this is a total lack of economic theory ( as indicated by the previous reviewer ) which has resulted in a poor methodology 
books neg 910.txt i clearly do not share the enthusiasm of some of the reviewers here , who will all have to forgive me for thinking that susan cooper 's " the dark is rising " is plain awful . this book was recommended to harry potter fans who have run out of hp books to read . i must say it was a waste of my time to read " dark . " never have i read a book in which no physical description is given for the hero . in this case , we are told that on his 11th birthday , an english boy named will stanton discovers he is the last of " the old ones . " unlike jk rowling who , in the first pages of harry potter & the philosopher 's ( or sorcerer 's ) stone , provides the reader with a vivid description of harry as skinny , with an unruly mop of black hair , startlingly green eyes , and , of course , a lightning-bolt scar on his forehead , cooper does not describe will stanton at all . the result is that the reader , after having read 244 pages , still cannot visualize what will looks like ! ! i also find quite annoying cooper 's approach to this good vs. evil tale . she is vague and abstract till the end as to who exactly are the old ones , and who or what exactly is the dark . as for the dark being evil , all the reader succeeds in gleaning is that the dark means cold , snow , and- -of course- -darkness . excuse me : but is this the best cooper can do ? is this what this book is about ? - -the druid pagan worldview of light vs. dark , summer vs. winter , warmth vs. cold ? what happened to the conception of evil as moral evil ? 
books neg 817.txt how many times can you wear out the same story line . kahlan lost , kahlan found , kahlan lost again , kahlan found again . or richard lost , richard found , ohp...richard lost again , richard found again . goodkind has run out of ideas . he should put the sword of truth series down and move on to something fresh . 
books neg 792.txt the product i ordered was not actually for sale ! do n't post an product if you do n't have it in stock 
books neg 17.txt i remember hearing about this book by the great patriot sean hannity sometime in 2001 , then it was a mere idea . from that time on , until august 20th 2002 , i waited for what i thought would be the greatest book of all time . i remember seeing the cover art and hearing about the title : " let freedom ring " with not just a picture of sean hannity on the cover , patriot that he is , but also a flag . i loved it , could n't be more happy . well , the day of the book 's release , i took a day off work ( i 've never missed a day of work before in my life ) , and rushed to get this book . it looked better than i ever imagined . with the flag on the cover and the title of " let freedom ring , " i thought , finally , technology has caught up to our patriotism . i expected a book filled with flags , flags with sound effects . maybe some firework sound effects . boy was i wrong . i opened the book only to the colors black and white . no red . no blue . no stars and stripes . i quickly turned the pages , looking , searching for flags . i found none , no sound effects either , no fireworks . at that point , i went into a 4 year long depression . i nearly committed suicide at several points . it 's only now that i can bring myself to review this man 's book , patriot that he is . i say this so you know what you 're getting yourself into . there are no flags , no stars and stripes , no fireworks , no sound effects . i have since recovered , but only because of old stars and stripes . i went back to teaching last year , not fully recovered , and my colleagues , knowing how much i love america and the stars and stripes , suggested i have my class do a research project : find the most patriotic book ever made . the methodoloy was simple : a book made out of flags with flag pictures would score high , a book that was not made out of a flag or flags and had no pictures of flags would score the lowest . we found some very good books and they did cheer me up . the one that was the most patriotic by far was a book called " president jesus : how jesus wrote the constitution , freed the slaves , and won world war ii . " its published by a small church in texas . i was very proud of my students for finding it . it has brought countless joy to my life . along with the book , made entirely out of a flag , with flag pictures , and written in blue and red ink , you get a giant flag . i 'm not sure of the dimensions , but they had to haul it to my house in a moving truck . i 've draped it over my house and it covers it completely . people even have to crawl under the flag to enter the house . now i often go outside and just gaze at old stars and stripes for hours at a time , smiling . 
books neg 55.txt i have read all of sandra brown books . i was disappointed in this one . i have almost all of her books in my bookcase , but when i finished this one i gave it away . 
books neg 714.txt i did n't have especailly high hopes for this book . i think there has been a gradual decline in the quality of hh books over the years , and this one brings it to a new low . basically , it 's waaaaaay too long . at 850 pages , it 's a monster read , and a slow one . that 's not always a bad thing - sometimes if you like the characters it 's nice to just hang out with your friends for page after page . but not here . why is it necessary to describe in detail the exact movements of a treecat using sign language ? for several paragraphs ? more than once ? why are we given pages of liturgy for religious services ? i think i 'd be in a very small minority when i confess that i quite like the 1662 prayer book , though i ca n't quite work out why it would be revived in the distant future when it 's been out of use here for decades ! maybe it was easy to cut and paste , and got the word count up . and then there 's the space combat - a strength of the series , especially the first three or four . but there 's the rub - there are only so many ways you can describe a spaceship blowing up . by the 11th book in the series i ca n't be the only person out there whose eyes are beginning to glaze over when we get to the battle sequences . but the big problem - spoiler alert ! - is the way in which weber solves the love triangle we left the last book with . honor loves hamish . emily loves hamish . hamish loves honor and emily . what to do ? it turns out that there 's an easy solution . after about 400 pages of agonising ( not to mention most of the previous book ) it seems that honor can marry them both . a bit outre ? seemingly not - apparently such arrangements fall well within the accepted norms of manticoran law and custom . ( although we 've never had a whiff of this before . ) but what really gets me is that the reason it did n't happen about halfway through the last book is that ( get this ) , gosh , no-one thought of it . it seems that no-one ever told mr weber that if you shoot someone with a gun in act v , the gun better have been hanging on the wall in act i . all-in-all , i can only say , please mr weber . it is time to bring the series to an end . please do it soon 
books neg 642.txt am i the only person that felt this book was twisted , disjointed , and something was just not working ? the beginning was great but the second half left a lot to be desired . this could have been a great story , the author veered off track or something 
books neg 522.txt reading this book ten years after it was written made it very hard to get into it . for one thing , the author still talks about the ussr and east germany , and those countries faded away so long ago that the whole book seems dated . it 's hard to suspend disbelief and imagine this book was really written far in the future . 
books neg 841.txt this is the worst textbook i have ever bought for any class ! it is a huge waste of money and super frustrating to read . this book is horribly written . the explanations are boring , drawn out , and unclear . the early chapters draaaag on forever . the later chapters get a little better , but they state a lot of obvious or useless information . i have spent hours and weeks studying from this text and learned very little . 
books neg 264.txt a serious snooze fest . of course , if you are a huge kim newman fan , you 'll be pleased ; literally every other story in the book is one . if you must read this book , check it out from the library ; at least that way you wo n't be wasting your money 
books neg 296.txt yet another historical novel into which a lot of research and work was clearly put , but the result is dissatisfying largely because the author does n't know how to write . my single biggest objection to this book is the constant and annoying use of the author 's alternative grammatical rules . comma splices and run-on sentences are not , and never will be , acceptable to me . occasional use can be overlooked , but shaara peppers every page with them , tacking four or five or more predicates on to the same subject . the effect is so glaringly obvious that it becomes difficult to continue reading . the following example is made-up , but it is a good imitation of how shaara writes : " he turned in the saddle , rode toward his headquarters over the ridge , refused to look back toward the man receding in the distance , focused instead on the day ahead , forced himself to confront the bigger problems at hand . " one often finds whole paragraphs composed of several run-on sentences in a row like this . the result is a book that reads like a rough draft , or maybe not even that ; it reads like a collection of notes preparatory to writing a rough draft . i do n't understand how authors get away with publishing such half-finished work , and i do n't understand why readers put up with it . another problem is the lack of convincing characterization . everyone is vaguely noble here , with the exception of a few complete cads . washington loves his wife and longs for peace and home . cornwallis loves his wife and longs for peace and home . greene loves his wife and longs for peace and home . i think you get the picture . few characters stand out on their own . even lafayette is just another young officer . the author assumes that we already carry our own perceptions about the major characters and will plug them in at the start of the book . and shaara 's attempts at making his characters witty never work . the result is a cast of characters that is tedious and dull . beyond that , i 'm doubtful about the author 's device of switching focus among the various characters in each chapter . it 's fine when we leap across the atlantic and jump into franklin 's mind . but the rest of the time , it does n't work well . i find that i sometimes have to flip back to the start of the chapter to remind myself who has the focus . either i 'm a lazy reader ( and i 'm not ) , or the device is n't working well . in addition , this device constrains the author to keep the narrative focused almost entirely on franklin in france , and washington , green , cornwallis and howe in america . that means that we get only glimmers of the happenings in parliament and the royal court in england , and the continental congress in america . in effect , this novel is really about washington 's military camp and howe 's dinner table , which makes the narrative unbalanced . some aspects of the story are interesting . i enjoy reading about washington 's maneuvers , and the repeated frustration at coming up with an empty bag and finding that the british have eluded him . i learned a fair amount about just where the various forces were , and when . but i wish now that i 'd just bought a decent beginner 's history on the war . most of the book , as literary fiction , left me cold 
books neg 375.txt the content of this book is adequate , but the layout leaves much to be desired . the only way to find a chapter is through the table of contents . pages are not labeled with chapter information , such as which chapter that page belongs to . the content is often broken up with cases and excercises that divide paragraphs in half . this makes it very confusing to follow the flow of the book . you can be reading along and jump into a case or excercise without knowing it and become very confused . if the authors and publishers would rework the flow of the book , i would rate it much higher 
books neg 783.txt from the cover and a quick glances at some of the colorful photo filled chapters , this book seem promising at first . but the cliched saying of never judge a book by its cover has taken its toll . this book provides marginal advice on how to -potentially - make a profit from the wonderful world of digital photography , however , it fails to give any real world working model on how this can be accomplished . most of the marginally useful advices and sales model , i.e. pricing structure on stock photos , are based on the author 's own personal preference and experience , rather than taking into account the wide breadth of pricing methods that exist in the real world of photography . this is a great book for amateurs that are trying to break into the business of selling their prints from an outline or a strict table-of-content perspective of the available methods and channels of distribution to target , e.g. card stock , stock photo , art fairs , etc. most of topics cover seem to be more ' theoretical ' than actual real-world hands down information and the author seems to expend more time , energy and care in expressing his disdain ( with a condescending overtone , might i add ) toward enthusiastic amateurs that aim to make it big and quick . his favorite recurring adjectives for such amateurs includes , but certainly are not limited to : prima donnas , pretentious , and pretend aficionado . heller may be a [self-aggrandizing] professional photographer , but anyone with such high caliber should be more helpful , than pompous or supercilious . remember heller , you were an amateur at one point too . further more , heller likes to take a seemingly interesting idea , get your hopes up and then tell you why you should n't pursue it because the odds are just too high against you . bottomline : if you are serious about licensing your photographs for use , then this book does not really cover the core foundations that you need to get your feet wet . on the otherhand , if you want to take a look at what you can do to -potentially - make a profit from your hobby , then this book basically gives you an -general - idea . i 'd give this book a 1-star for the lack of usable information and the author 's cockiness , but it does contain some interesting theories and sales model to warrant a 2-star rating 
books neg 253.txt reviewer alianore 's opinion " rather too indulgent of its subject " is a very accurate portrayal of weir 's work . i will try to add something to that near perfect review . ( note : i listened to the unabridged audiobook of " queen isabella " , 22 hrs on 18 cds ) . the first half or so of this biography is mostly enjoyable , loaded with period details . the last third is the worst : weir 's fawning dedication to a glorious rehabilitation - - nay , elevation - - of queen isabella to the role of long-suffering , much-wronged , highly-deserving , and late-redeemed just queen of england . this book is really " subjective , rhetorical biographal dramatization " . i do not consider it to adhere to an academic standard for objective history and analysis . it is rhetoric because of the endless " weasel words " ( and expressions ) used copiously throughout : " some say " , " it has been said " , " many believe " , " therefore we may assume " , " it can be inferred " ... this is n't just an attribute of her style ... it *is* her style comprehensively . these expressions occur many hundreds of times , commonly in conjunction with wier 's subjective analyses that present her beloved isabella in the best possible light , always giving her every benefit of the doubt and shifting negative interpretations onto other persons . equally irksome is weir 's double-standard of historical psychological analysis . she is always ' declaring ' for us the contents of isabella 's thoughts . remarkable gift she has for this . many times weir reasonably states that modern psychological and socialogical interpretations of medieval history are inherently invalid or at least not meaningful . but then moments later she will portray isabella 's actions from a 21st century point of view ... always telling the reader how isabella must have , might have , could have , would have been thinking and feeling about one situation after another ... often presented in a positive way that is only supported by a present-day psychosocial interpretation of 800 year old history . this is n't historical writing , it is historical op-ed , with an obvious agenda . i do n't loathe this work , it is enjoyable in many parts for its color characterizations and depth of detail . the narrator of the audio book has a wonderful voice and good pacing . but this is highly flawed in its editorial approach to historical biography . ( other egregious examples of such hagiography include edmund morris ' " rise of theodore roosevelt " and " theodore rex " . i could not complete either of those since morris is so obviously enthralled by his subject , lovingly lionizing him in every sappy sentence . yuck . really . ) if prefer more history when reading ( or listening to ) history . and much , much less editorial subjectivity , retroactive psychology , biased interpretation and rhetorical postulation . the only way i could enjoy " isabella " by weir is to accept her bias up front and listen accordingly , taking it with " several pounds of salt " as the above referenced reviewer advises . 2.5 / 5 
books neg 136.txt this book reads like a horror novel . by allowing her dogs ( as well as another one in her care ) to roam freely throughout an urban area crisscrossed by busy roads , the author demonstrates her utter disregard for the animals ' welfare . not to mention the antisocial attitude she displays with her total inconsideration for her neighbors , and for the countless strangers kind enough to phone when her lost dogs seek refuge on their doorsteps . oh , and let 's not forget the dozens of shelter dogs killed because their potential adoptive homes were filled by the plethora of puppies spawned by the author 's choice not to spay and neuter her animals . this book moves at a peppy pace , and might have been interesting ( albeit morally reprehensible ) if the author 's " observations " actually provided any insight . but those eighteen-wheelers on the alewife parkway veered closer to poor misha than the author 's whimsical interpretations stray within range of scientific evidence . case in point : she is so clueless about the reality of canine behavior that she inadvertently allows one of her dogs to kill another one 's litter of puppies . oops ! any genuine dog lover ( or any human with an ounce of compassion and common sense ) will despise this book . a previous reviewer hit the nail on the head : if " feelings " are your road map to life , you might enjoy this book . if you regularly take your brain out for walk , forget it . calling this a meaningful book about dogs is like calling " jonathan livingston seagull " the definitive text on marine fowl 
books neg 966.txt while the author does go into detail about numerous topics and informs the reader about what is necessary to survive . what i think the books lacks is the detail necessary on all of the major topics . an example would be that he describes how to build a leanto for shelter , but does n't go into detail on how to tie the structural members together . he just tells you that you need to tie them together . what if you do n't have a shoelace to use ? what other alternates are there ? this book would be great for a teenager who goes camping and may need to build a fire , but it 's not enough for the serious camper 
books neg 190.txt when i purchased this book i expected it would be life from a particular bacteria 's perspective . by this i mean , & quot ; well , today our host started a new antibacterial therapy . the last round of therapy was tough , but we managed to make it through unscathed . i 'm confident we 'll survive . &quot ; unfortunately , what i read was a scientific book written in non-scientific language . as a biology major in college and a medical student now , i 've read many scientific books written in scientific language . so many that they are pretty much all i can relate to anymore . ha ! actually , that statement has more truth in it than i care to admit , but i thought this book would be a nice change of pace . instead , it 's a listing of information about a certain bacterial species that i could have extracted from bergey's . the book is undramatic and uninteresting . i would n't recommend it to anyone 
books neg 453.txt this book was recommended by someone a lot more financially successful than i am . but while i was reading , i kept asking myself , " when 's he going to get to the point ? " the first part of the book is all about why it 's good to be rich- -something i thought was unnecessary . the bulk of the book is filled with anecdotes that try to illustrate the different mindset of rich people as compared to middle-class and poor . finally , in the last part of the book , he gives some practical examples of what he considers to be good investment strategy . this was the only part of the book i was interested in . to me , it was like his publicist told him that no one is going to buy a 30-page book on investing and so kiyosaki wrote what he knew about making money and filled the rest with " fluff " . however , even his advice is considered questionable by many experts . i would say that the main idea i got from this book was to try to look at investing from different angles and not to just follow the crowd . i just wish i had n't invested so much time in a book that could have been a lot more concise 
books neg 159.txt david fromkin 's " peace to end all peace " is simultaneously a comprehensive and very flawed work . many of the reasons for it being one can be found in the other . fromkin attempts to examine how the modern middle east ( extending as far as afghanistan and some sections of central asia ) was created during and after the first world war . obviously , in order to do this , the fall of the ottoman empire in that war must be considered . this is where fromkin 's unusual methodology comes into play . focusing on the european political machinations to resolve the " eastern question " in their favour , the sorry tale becomes one more of churchill and te lawrence than of the arabs and turks who were also involved in the process . admittedly , it was the europeans who wielded the whip hand in deciding just where the borders were to be drawn , but reducing key figures such as the cup triumvirate in the dying ottoman empire ( and kemal ataturk in turkey immediately thereafter ) to the status of supporting players ultimately skews the focus of the book too much . never let it be said that this is a simple story to retell . a complex web of national and personal political interests in both europe and the middle east combined to make the region what it is today , and any study of all of these will be faced with the need for convoluted explanations . the problem that fromkin has , however , is that he does not make these very well at all . the story is told in a roughly chronological manner , which means that we jump from place to place and meet a bewildering array of characters . ultimately , the only real result is confusion on the part of the reader , who is constantly flipping backwards to see who the latest figure to make an appearance actually is . additionally , fromkin frequently confuses his readers with references to geographical features which are not well-shown on the maps provided . indeed , one map ( showing enver pasha 's advance on baku and his campaigns in central asia ) is laughable in the extreme . the legend explains that the direction of the arrows is the direction of the various advances - which would be significantly more useful were the arrows in fact arrows , and not equilateral triagles . where fromkin does well , however , is in his use of purely european sources . it is perhaps unusual to say this of a book intending to tell the story of the modern middle east , but i have considerable doubts about the depth of his research into the middle eastern aspects of the events in question . in terms of europe , however , his research seems to cover the major bases of exactly what the key figures believed and did . ultimately , " a peace to end all peace " is a difficult and not particularly rewarding work . a diplomatic history of europe during the great war can be written much better than this , and a history of the development of the middle east following that conflict already has been ( the chapters in margaret attwood 's " the peacemakers " or william cleveland 's " modern middle east " both easily outshine this ) 
books neg 35.txt i had somewhat forgotten how greg bear wrote . his descriptions of the jart are so obscure and long-winded , the reader may as well just turn the page . i found it annoying that greg bear attempted to invent even more words in this book than eon . my largest complaint however resided in the high number of typos , duplicated words , letters dropped etc that made the reading even more disruptive . it really looked like there had been global replacements as the same errors were repeated . while i 'd admit that an author is more concerned with flow , plot , and technical accuracy - the editor should review with a little more care to the fundamentals 
books neg 772.txt paul ehrlich may understand butterflies more than most of us do , but he definitely does not understand how the real world in general and the human society in particular works . he just does not seem to have sufficiently organized brain cells to think realistically about the world . this book starts with the bold statement that " he had understood the population explosion for quite some time " . nevertheless , the whole book proves that it 's not the case . all his reasoning is based on the worst possible extrapolation of the worst imaginable short-term trend . his assumptions therefore include the " intelligent " assumption that there wo n't ever be any technological progress in the future ; the climate will evolve in the worst possible way , and so forth . it 's not surprising that he predicted that there would be mass starvation in the u.s. in the 1980s , and even when this was shown to be complete nonsense , he repeated the same prediction for the 1990s . why does he - and people like him - continue to produce predictions that have been humiliated so many times by the actual course of history ? it 's because of their religion . maybe they do n't call it a " religion " , but it is a religion nevertheless . jehovah 's witnesses typically believe that there is going to be a judgement day . because it did not occur in 1918 and other years for which it was predicted , they are a bit more careful and vague in their predictions nowadays . malthus had done very similar errors as ehrlich , but you may think that in the 20th century , people could know more than malthus knew many years ago . but ehrlich does not know more . in some sense , even karl marx himself could be viewed as a producer of catastrophic predictions . marx predicted that something wrong would occur with capitalism as such , and it would be globally replaced by communism . ( this is what i call a truly catastrophic prediction . ) marx was wrong , of course , because he completely misunderstood the magic power of the society and of the market to improve things that need to be improved and its ability to self-regulate and accomodate to new conditions . ehrlich is repeating all errors of marx and many other errors , too . but other people who have a different kind of a religious belief that we must simply be approaching a judgement day ca n't learn from jehovah 's witnesses mistakes . of course that paul ehrlich 's reasoning has nothing to do with rational approach to important questions . ( bjorn lomborg may be an example of a person who tries to solve very similar questions - namely these speculative questions about the long-term food problems - rationally . ) ehrlich confuses the total amount of food available today and the total production of food ; he does not understand that the efficiency of agriculture can increase much like the population or even more ; he does not understand that the growth of the population in the developed world would be naturally reduced if it became difficult to feed children , and so forth . he just does not understand the " invisible hand " of free markets and the visible hand of scientific and technologica progress and the power of human decisions . his reasoning could easily be proved wrong if he simply tried to make similar predictions about the past . but it was not his main goal to find a realistic prediction for the future . his goal was to write down pseudorationally sounding justifications of his religious preconceptions that would impress many people who are not exactly smart . the similarity between ehrlich 's predictions of mass starvation and the recent predictions of catastrophic global warming is not just a superficial coincidence . find the book " boiling point " by ross gelbspan at this website - one of the silly recent books about the climate change disasters that expect us . among the 15 mostly positive reviews of the book , you will also find a 5-star review by paul ehrlich of stanford himself ! the global warming alarmists continue with the traditions of paul ehrlich . it is still the same pseudoscience and people will apparently always believe this kind of stuff because there are only two infinite things : the universe and human stupidity , and i am not sure about the universe 
books neg 269.txt i picked up this book expecting a fresh approach and analysis of dr. king apart from the obligatory images we 're force-fed each new year . instead , i was disappointed to find that eric dyson made heavy use of speculation with the intent to scandalize more than to inform and enlighten . one such example includes dyson conveying the idea that dr. king may have engaged in orgies with many different women along with his right-hand man ralph abernathy . he then goes on to infer that there was talk of king and abernathy engaging in sexual acts with each other ! the author had no commentary to either support or dispel this " theory " making dyson 's retelling of the alleged incident totally irresponsible and even libelous . he just dropped the information , true or untrue , in the readers lap to do with as the reader pleased . to that end , it is my opinion that dyson 's intent in writing this book was in no way honorable or truth-seeking , rather it was a means to convey his baseless ideas to anyone who would listen . i 'm reminded of something my grandmother and mother would always say to me , " an empty wagon makes the loudest noise . " eric dyson makes a lot of noise in this book but totally lacks substance . this was an expensive tabloid 
books neg 827.txt investment banker with a conscience , ben hartman , and special agent anna navaro 's plot lines and bodies soon become intertwined in their quest for the secrets of sigma , an elite cabal with roots in nazi germany that is bent on world domination . what starts out as reasonable and entrancing enough genre pulp becomes sheer bond by the end , but there 's no denying ludlum has a gift for keeping the heat turned up from page to page . if you are new to espionage fiction and have even slightly literary sensibilities , run do n't walk to writers like alan furst , graham greene , or even john le carr . but if strong characters are n't a necessity , you are able to suspend your disbelief , and you are lusting for pure literary sugar , you probably wo n't be disappointed . ludlum is a great author for those who typically spend hours in front of the television and tremble in anticipation at the release of the next hollywood blockbuster , because he provides essentially the same experience in written form . he is a master of the wildly oscillating plot line , but barely approaches apprentice status in any other literary area . i found myself cringing in embarrassment for the author at many points , but to his credit i was compelled to continue turning the pages until i had reached the end . it 's like candy , you ca n't stop eating it but feel ill once it 's gone . if you are a die hard ludlumite i admit this is my first foray . please point me to a better example of his work if one exists , otherwise i 'll invest my time elsewhere and catch up on mr. ludlum by proxy when the next " bourne " film comes out 
books neg 7.txt noam chomsky has thrived greatly in this great country of his , yours , and mine - the united states of america . he has made millions of dollars teaching , lecturing , selling his books , and investing . his world-wide fame in psycholinguistics is well-deserved . his infamy is merited for his lack of loyalty to his own jewish ethnicity and the u.s. , in spite of the fruits he has received by being a citizen of the united states . he has repaid this country in bile with his incredibly biased analysis of american foreign policy . he goes way beyond a balanced multiculturism , when he always ranks the u.s. and israel as foremost among the terrorist forces in the world now , and even in history . his distrust of any authority , benign or otherwise , is reflected in his dogmatic and unexamined support of the " underdog , " even if that underdog is a suicide bomber or a major terrorist organization such as al queda or hezbollah . yet since 1955 , hypocrite chomsky has worked for the " overdog " massachusetts institute of technology , which has actively and enthusiastically participated in the development of weapons of war and mass destruction , and continues to this very day . chomsky trumps his own potential for gifted analytic objectivity with his simple hatred of the united states and the jewish state . if he were not so attached to the freedom of making money , earning the adulation of the american left , and freedom to express himself , he might be able to give more direct and personal support for our enemies and his friends by taking up residence in north korea , iran , or syria . let us hope he retires outside of our homeland that he hates so much , the united states of america . god bless america , which will continue to give chomsky the right to speak , teach , and make lots of money . raybo 
books neg 481.txt in the chapter about south asia , the authors have written quite a lot about the & quot ; kashmir problem&quot ; but not once have they mentioned the ethnic cleasing of 350 , 000 kashmiri hindus that took place in 1990. i just cannot believe that they do n't know about this 
books neg 761.txt save yourself time and buy any book by greg lemond ( greg lemond 's complete book of bicycling ) or john howard ( john howard 's the cyclist 's companion ) - - they are both far better writers , well-rounded bicyclists , and honorable family men - - good role models for all true cycling athletes , young and old alike . lance armstrong is good at chronicling his many bicycling events and achievements in this book , but what is notably missing from this text is the experience of a genuine champion . lance armstrong would sell his own grandmother 's last pair of socks in order to succeed - - leaving his family behind in order to pursue his one-dimensional goal of winning the tour de france . he sold his wife and three helpless kids for bicycling success and he degrades the sport and his wonderful family by publicly flaunting his association with a pathetic and desperate rock singer ... yawn . better to settle down with greg lemond 's wonderful book for real depth , excitement , and rich experience and learn how to become a well-rounded cyclist and a real champion cycling athlete and family champion as well 
books neg 259.txt im not sure where to begin with this review , its not that the book was poorly written , quite the opposite it was a very good piece but it lacked any sort of luster or appeal . it was quite infact extremely boring , by page 300 i could not wait for it to be over and this is weird because up to this point i have loved the gunslinger series , they were all very good from front to back . there is way , way , to much about susanah and the whole thing about her having this baby and it dragged and draged , maybe this series is showing its age im not sure but one thing is for sure it was no wastelands or wizzard and glass . it was a far fetch from those titles and it had barely any excitement . it got to the point where i had to try very hard to pay attention and often i would find i had read a page and not remebered what it was about and had to read it again . im giving this book 2 out of 5 , very poor story line , poor plot however it was written well i can only hope that the next book is better , cmon king give me the feeling wastelands did , blown away ! ! rather than tired and exhausted 
books neg 829.txt this book was required reading for a class on children 's literature . so , naturally , i was expecting the very best samplings of what was out there . the beginning was quite exceptional . i even invited my husband to read it with me since we share good finds to read together in the evening . we were about 75% of the way through before its magic halted and it turned to various detailed descriptions of the main character 's female body parts . due to this we feel it falls short as an example of wholesome children 's literature . we set the book down and did not finish it . if you are looking for good children 's literature that completely steers clear of naked images instead of turning to them to keep the pace of the book going , then this book will be a let down . sad , because up until that point , the writing was quite good . 
books neg 73.txt ripping off king , but with more sex , shallower characters , and a hollywood ending . leave it on the shelf 
books neg 531.txt i am proud of the fact that i hold two degrees like many women . do i work ? no . i have chosen a different path . i have no children , married later in life , and gave up a wonderful job of two decades to care for my ill husband . do i feel that i have no confidence nor respect ? no . and from whom or what is this respect supposed to come from ? caring for your family has nothing to do with any of this . i admire women who stay home to care for their families . when you have love , who gives a hoot what anyone else thinks . personally , i find this book a little depressing , and i wo n't read it 
books neg 940.txt i am a fan of tanya huff and the series of books with henry and victoria . but this one is not it . while henry is there he is such a minor character . the main character is tony foster a homosexual street kid who tanya should have left on the street . i was totally bored and read the book through because i was hoping it would get better , then i was happy when it was over . the plot idea was great , but it was not developed well and left me wanting for something more . i was expecting henry to be a major player like he was with victoria , but no , he is relegated to tony 's homosexual vampire lover who helps tony out . disappointing . dull . i wo n't read the rest of this series , the tony foster series . hey , tanya , how about a series of henry fitzroy , i would read that 
books neg 432.txt i hate this book . it is extremely boring and it is way too long . there are too many characters to keep track of and many of them are extremely similar . do not read this unless forced to . i like to read , but this nearly put me to sleep . avoid at all cost 
books neg 93.txt the author makes a couple of valuable points . first , any long-term investment strategy has to take into account the existence of recurrent " secular " ( i.e. , indefinitely long ) bear markets . most leading investment advisors recommend a " buy and hold " strategy , but this only works during predominately bull market periods . most studies of successful investment strategies are biased towards the recent 1982-1999 bull market , which is anomalous in historical terms . the author uses a plethora of graphs and charts to prove that " buy and hold " does n't always provide the best returns . obviously , then , it 's better to pull out during the bear markets , but that 's easier said than done . the author provides a very complete analysis of the characteristics of bear markets , including p / e ratio , interest and inflation rates , and gdp . the problem is that those characteristics do n't always correlate with market performance . for example , this book was written in 2004 and the author predicted a bear market . well , if you heeded his advice , you would have missed the bull market of 2004 , 2005 and early 2006 , especially in small-mid caps and foreign stocks . even with high p / e ratios , a bull market can continue for several years : witness the late 90s . it 's virtually impossible to time the market even if you monitor the major stock indexes on a daily basis . there is so much volatility on a daily , weekly , monthly , and yearly basis that 's it 's impossible to know when the market has switched directions . by the time that it is apparent , it 's too late to profit . even in the midst of great bull markets , there might be week , month , or even year-long downturns . the author says nothing about individual stock picking , beyond a general value approach . the book is all about big picture , long term trends . another problem is that the author 's predictions are based on his analysis of market trends going back to 1900. but the market ( and economy ) is a different beast now that it was in the 40s , 50s , 60s , and 70s . as they say , past performance does not predict future returns . the investment advice provided here is not useful . he suggests a " portfolio of hedge funds , " ignoring the fact that most hedge funds require a minimum deposit of 500k . he also recommends a " bond ladder , " an approach which can be easily replicated with a good bond mutual fund , and frequent rebalancing of your portfolio asset allocations . i do n't need to spend $25 and five hours reading to learn that ! one thing i did learn from this book is the impact of volatility , which is often ignored in investment strategy recommendations . volatility cuts into returns in ways that most studies do not account for . most studies just average the returns across years , but that does n't reflect real returns . let 's say you invest $100k into a stock that returns 35% the first year and -15% the second . your average return should be 10% a year , right ? wrong . at the end of the first year you have 135k . minus 15% the second year leaves you with 115k total , equal to 7% a year compounded . if you had received 10% a year compounded , your final total would be over 121k . that 's 6k difference in just 2 years , and the volatility costs add up . the book is very poorly written , plodding , sooooo boring , with tons of repetition . just as an example , the graph showing the " y curve " relationship between p / e ratio and inflation is repeated no less than 3 times . 
books neg 353.txt i had to read this book as part of a masters-level class on organizational management . i would offer it up for sale , but i intend to burn it when class is over . unless you want to read a book written by people who are so much better than you are ( he said with an extra helping of sarcasm ) , do yourself a favor and skip this book . it a bunch of religous , self-righteous , fairy tale dogma . horrible , horrible book . will look nice when it 's burnt to a crisp , however 
books neg 4.txt i admit , i have n't finished this book . a friend recommended it to me as i have been having problems with insomnia . i was interested in reading a book about women 's health issues and this one sounded intriguing until she started in with her tarot cards , interest in astrology and angels . granted , i am not a firm believer in just " the hard facts " but its really hard to believe anything this woman writes after it is clear that common sense is n't alternative enough for her ! 
books neg 997.txt i really did n't enjoy this book . i am half italian-american , and i 've read a few books about growing up in an italian-american family in an effort to learn about my roots . i have also read several books about 2nd generation americans struggling to find their identities while caught between what is & quot ; normal&quot ; and their immigrant parents . i normally enjoy such books , but not this one . i know that life was n't always a bowl of cherries for these familes , but this book makes it seem as if it was absolutely horrible . yet , i could n't find anything about the daughters ' lives that are really that bad or even different from many people 's lives in this country . where is all the anger coming from ? i really do n't know . this book is dark and depressing . some say it is funny at times , but i did n't think so . i could n't even bring myself to finish it 
books neg 868.txt i am reading this for a college course called " history of the american city " . this book is a typical ' college texbook ' in that it is filled with numbers , dates , percentages , figures , numbers , oh did i say numbers , dates , figures , and years , oh and plenty of numbers.. . the brilliant , dilligent , honored , and esteemed scolar of a woman that wrote it sure knows her numbers , facts , years , etc.. . i , on the other hand , am absolutley hating it and foolishly i have allowed the drop date to pass , so i have to read the book or fail the class . i am getting nothing from the book regarding any kind of understanding of any of these cities , unless i am willing to spend years interpreting the multitude of data the book heaps upon me . needless to say , from ( attempting ) reading it i am getting a headache and do n't really even have the time to write this review . i say that if even one person is deterred from reading this expose ' of numbers , names , dates , figures , facts , percentages , orders , years , dates and more numbers , dates , facts , figures ( are you getting my drift yet ? ) , it will be time well served though.- - - avoid- - - this- - - book . please - - find another book . maybe if people told the truth about this brand of writing , more professors might have to teach and people like ms. abu-lughod would n't continue to make money off of writing books such as this , and folks like her might have to write to communicate ! ! ! ! , like the rest of us.thank you for taking the time to read this . ok , i have to say it : this sucks . 
books neg 232.txt it was amazing when i read this , how self centered and morally wrong this man was . it makes me sick to my stumach to read it . this was nothing more then glorifing his looting and murdering in cold blood . if you have a chance skip this one and read somthing like " company commander " or " band of brothers " somthing worth while 
books neg 107.txt " american buffalo " was recommended to me by a fellow thespian because he thought this was raw and fantastic . it is indeed raw , but not at all fantastic . the dialogue is very choppy and i felt out of the loop with it - as if i missed some great detail . perhaps this is a play that needs to be enjoyed when seen performed , rather than just read . i do not recommend 
books neg 775.txt the author tries to bring both the biography of walsingham and a discussion of the birth of espionage together in the same book and succeeds at neither . it is a fine read if you would like a general overview of the time , but , after reading the title and reviews , i was hoping for a detailed biography of walsingham or much detail on how he created the group of people who became his information gatherers . instead , it is a general overview of walsingham 's life with references to the work that he did . there are some interesting facts that the author brings forward that the reader might not find elsewhere , but the majority of the reading is rehashed from biographies of elizabeth i . if you want details and a better understanding of walsingham the man , and his life work and actions , you will need to look elsewhere 
books neg 884.txt do n't get me wrong , i really enjoy neal stephenson 's books . the historical content he winds into his plots is engaging . however , i have been working with the micro computer since before the command line . neal , you have the title wrong . in the beginning was the monitor . no doubts in my mind . my right hand is still trained to enter octal codes on a keypad at lightening speed ! the command line came much later , more like the coalescence of matter in the universe when clumps of useful things needed some impactful gravity . the monitor was there before the clumps and after the octal toggle switches , address load and register load momentary switches . the monitor got the human fingers attached to the computer once and for all . so , 2 stars because the title is just wrong 
books neg 722.txt the plot in final analysis is trite and overused and the characters are flat and stock . tedious and painful to read 
books neg 227.txt mark twain once said that ( and i paraphrase ) the definition of a classic is something that everyone wants to have read and no one wants to read . that is my experience with this book . for some reason , a tale of two cities never made it onto any of my high school reading lists , and i figured it was one of those books i should have under my belt . so i picked it up . what a slog ! a book that might have been fascinating due to its french revolution subject matter was a mass of rambling descriptions and melodrama . we were supposed to shed tears for sidney carton , a character who you barely get to know , and root for lucie manette...the highly unrealistic paragon of unspoiled goodness . the only thing i liked about this book was how madame defarge knitted a list of people on which she planned to take revenge . an admittedly cool concept . maybe this book speaks to another era , maybe it 's past its prime , maybe i do n't have the required literary sensibilities , or maybe i could n't relate , but a tale of two cities bored me to tears . 
books neg 572.txt i was very disappointed in the content . there were not enough color plates and transparency in the color was lacking . many of the instructions were used with black and white sketches and plates . many of kautskys subjects and scenes appeared to me to be " pre watercolor career " pencil sketches which i recognized . dark somber and sparse in my opinion 
books neg 534.txt i was looking for a book to make elegant , simple and practical bags . this book has is all feathers and beads , nothing that i would ever give to someone as a gift ! i was very disappointed . 
books neg 238.txt i was very disappointed to discover that this book had a homosexual character . this is absolutely inappropriate for a young adult book , and unless a parent has read the reviews that mention it , said parent would have no clue as it sure is n't mentioned anywhere on the blurb in the book . i usually am more aware of what my daughter is reading , but this time this particular book slipped under my radar . she told me that it had a reference to a gay character , which i took to mean just a passing reference , but when i read the book , it was treated more seriously than i thought , even going so far as to have the two girls kiss . it is inexcusable , both on ms pierce 's part and on scholastic's . no matter what the author 's personal beliefs , it is irresponsible to have this type of content without a warning to parents . i believe that as a parent , i 'm the one responsible for what my children see and do , but it sure helps to have some type of information so i can make an informed decision . anise hollingshea 
books neg 26.txt i thought the title was interesting so i bought this book . wow , what a disappointment . this is sappy and poorly written . how does mitch albom keep getting on the best sellers list 
books neg 244.txt i have been a huge fan of michael crichton for about 25 years . however , this book is misleading and dangerous . almost every respectable scientist in the world now agrees that global warming is real and that we are greatly accelerating this problem ( except some scientists affiliated with the petroleum and automobile industries ) . writing a book that disputes global warming would be like writing a book that disputes the holocaust - mr. crichton could just as easily have written a book about how the holocaust did not really happen , and provide plenty of " references " to support this premise . tragically , in the long term , global warming could be far more destructive than even the holocaust . i hope that someday mr. crichton recognizes that , in addition to his enormous talent for entertaining , he has enormous influence on people 's thoughts and actions through his books . there is a quote : " with great power comes great responsibility . " but in this case it would seem : " with great power comes great profit at the expense of the planet . 
books neg 266.txt a pamphlet would have accomplished what this guy said in the entire book ! i wanted to strangle him ! repetitive , condescending , overly simplified and so booooorrring ! ! ! here is the nuts of it all : pick a stable stock with a narrow spread between bid and ask . buy 2000 shares and then sell it 1 / 16 higher right away . everything else is simply preamble.. . over and over and over . hope i saved you 20 bucks 
books neg 138.txt i love danielle steel ! i ` ve read all of her books so far.but secrets was a big disappointment to me.as far as i am concerned , ms.steel tried to change her style of writing in this book more to the kind of judith krantz or jackie collins ( some explicit " parts " i didn ` t like at all ) .simply not the danielle steel we like . the story itselfs is ok ( gives the readers some " insights " behind the scenes of hollywood ) but... . some of her books i ` ve read over and over again . i am not going to touch secrets for a second time , however 
books neg 853.txt unfortunately , this book is the sign of what passes for humour these days . even though it may have been remotely funny ( sometimes the author comes close to being bearable ) , the book never actually tries to be . humour is supposed to be smart . however , this book gives us the worst case of dumb 
books neg 740.txt one star is too generous ! aaarrrgggh ! i am still mad about this book and i read it 3 books ago ! i loved ted dekker 's " three " and i enjoyed peretti 's children 's books i read with my kiddos , so i was looking forward to the arrival of a collaboration . but it was utterly silly ! if i start a book , i have to finish it . okay , that 's my own fault , but i had to make myself read this to get it over with ! i wanted to burn the book when i was finished to make sure nobody else i knew ever read my copy . the ending ? well , " shoo ! get out of here ! " was embarrassing ! shame on you , frank and ted 
books neg 638.txt i got the impression that rankin wrote this book in a short period of time without the assistance of a proofreader or editor . it was superficial , with such helpful hints as & quot ; people come in all sizes and shapes , & quot ; and & quot ; people with a warm smile are perceived as being more friendly . &quot ; i did n't need to read her book to figure those out . her logic is also flawed . she states that , & quot ; doctors touch patients , not vice versa because doctors are more privileged and powerful than patients . &quot ; did she consider that doctors need to touch their patients in order to examine them - not because of any power status ? using the book to promote her feminist beliefs , numerous typographical errors , and trite comments also distracted from what little substance the book had to offer 
books neg 728.txt the text gets 5 stars for the orientation , organization , and the on-line resources for the text . it describes exactly what you would want in an applied corporate finance course . unfortunately , i have to deduct 3 stars because the text contains too many typos and smple calculations which i specifically want my students not to make . this has been frustrating for my students , as well as myself . however , i am confident that when this problem is cleaned up , the book will be among the best applied corporate finance text in the market . i strongly recommend a new , corrected edition 
books neg 735.txt overall , i found this book disappointing . in its defense , its basic thesis of the movement of jewish american orthodoxy towards the ` right ' ( more closed and intensely religious ) is interesting , and i am sure accurate , and heilman 's analysis of its evolution is insightful and well-researched . however , i was extremely bothered by the lack of any attempt to portray hareidi society through the prism of its own value system , or in fact any attempt to understand their values at all . heilman accepts his own world view as absolute and obvious to the reader , and in this context denigrates a society with an entirely different set of goals and aspirations . examples of this include his assumption of the primacy of feminism and the worth of secular culture . hareidi society has its own worldview which , although too complex to elaborate on here , has valid and very real reasons for its hierarchy of values , reasons which heilman completely disparages or ignores . ( for an example of a book that is not written by a religious author , yet is able to appreciate hareidim from their own perspective try " real jews " by noah efron ) . in general , i found his view of religion as a mere sociological construct ( i.e. a defensive reaction to the holocaust ) to be grossly insensitive to the hareidi intense religious belief founded on thousands of years of tradition . the latter half of the book i found a pathetic attempt to draw conclusions from insignificant pieces of information . for example the juxtaposition of poster a condemning something to a poster advertising b implies that poster a is condemning b as well . or two posters ( put out by the same company ) advertising two different types of music indicates that the community is embattled over the appropriateness of one type of music . in conclusion , although i eagerly awaited this book and found a fraction of it interesting and intelligent , my overall impression is negative due to the authors biased approach and manipulative use of insignificant information . 
books neg 310.txt i am a big catherine coulter fan , but this book is awful . you can skip all the soap scenes , a waste of space . much of the dialouge made no sense and the characters were very flat . do n't waste the $6 , borrow from the library if you want to read 
books neg 38.txt many reviewers compared this novel to jurassic park , saying it was a better book than crichton's . what absurdity . i am not saying that jp is an awesome book , but it was far better than tyrannosaur canyon . tyrannosaur canyon is a fairly intriguing story , but poorly executed and very poorly ended . it 's as though preston suddenly realized that he was going to have to get his characters out of the predicament he had put them in , and did n't know how to do it . the ending is too fast , too unlikely and too unrealistic . the book closes with a theistic comment by one of the characters , which i believe is preston 's way of attempting to belong to both camps , having his science and being religious . overall , i had high hopes for this book and i am sorry to say that in the last 100 pages , i was greatly let down 
books neg 633.txt if you like physics , this is just an interesting book . it mostly discusses , at length , two ideas : emergence and reductionism . does n't sound like much , and it is n't , but at least it gives you a different point of view on the world . unfortunately , from this point of view to the horizon is not that far . mr. mclaughlin almost calls the present theories ( like string theory ) science fiction , easy on science ( because of the scales and energies involved , he seems to think they are not provable ; i do n't have the knowledge to discuss if he is right or not ) , but he does n't offer much of an alternative . he even comes close to saying that deeper levels of understanding are not possible , or not practical . well , even if he is right , which i hope he is n't , between ca n't and science fiction , i prefer science fiction . tomorrow i 'll read a bit of string theory , and shake off the depressive mood left by this book 
books neg 496.txt ok , this book is funny , the first time you look through it ! ! ! overall , i would not recomend this book because it 's one of those books , that you 'll just look through one time , and one time only ! yeah....there are a lot of positions , but they are all repeated in the book like five times , with different names ! and another thing , there are a lot of positions that are not even posible , and some only with a giant swing , or how about a horizantal or verticle pole...yeah many people have those in their houses . but seriously , the only positions that you 'll be able to do , are the ones that you know already ! ! 
books neg 568.txt the chocolate war the chocolate war was one of the best books i have ever read...not ! the chocolate war portrayed a very inappropriate scene . the boy jerry was supposed to sell chocolates but refused , but the book sidetracks and talks about naughty things and also swears a lot . i would not recommend this book because it seemed inappropriate . i do n't think that this book should be available to children at a middle school level . this story might be better if the bad words and other bad things war taken out . i think that the story line seems great when jerry denies selling the chocolates because of archie . archie is a suspicious character that knows every one . i wish this book was more school appropriate , but it is n't and was a horrid book . therefore , this book would be great if the author published a book with the sam story but more school appropriate situations and words 
books neg 762.txt read the microsoft documents , white papers and manuals on the microsoft web site instead . this book offers no easier approach to understanding than the techno-drill available from microsoft . who writes these reviews anyway ? i ca n't believe anybody really liked this book 
books neg 916.txt the book was long and boring . to many and way to much descriptive details . i regret ever purchasing the book . had to really fight with my self to finish the book . i 'm glad it 's over 
books neg 185.txt this is not a book i would recomend for anyone serious interested in rune casting . it tells nothing of the history of runes and it seems if the writer figured out what tarot card closely matches each rune and then wrote the book based off that info . there are much better books out there for rune casting 
books neg 114.txt i looked for an introduction to the basics of office automation and bought this book . every example code i tried was incorrect and the examples are just all trivial . samples from the msdn was just as good as this book . if you only need a rough overview what technologies are out there , this book is ok . but for any real programming it is not very useful . 
books neg 672.txt what to say about belarus ? well , we spent the day the white russkis commemmorate the end of wwii there , so i 've seen it in all of its " grandeur " . not much to recommend it , go and see belarus if you missed out on the post wwii east european dictatorships , because belarus is the last of its kind . a genuine personality cult around the president runs politics , and you can get a feel for what it was like in 1970 's e . europe . guess what - you will not like it . take some pics of minsk & move on to moscow . and if you can find a decent hotel in minsk , you 've done better than my wife and i did . 
books neg 90.txt " the number " poses an interesting question but provides no helpful answers . a four percent draw on invested assets is as much an old wives ' tale as a piece of scientific wisdom , even if it is a number . eisenberg 's number is the inverse of that draw down , or twenty-five times... . well , there 's the rub , twenty-five times what ? income ? expenses ? income less savings ? projected discretionary spending ? post-mortgage payoff and college tuition expenses ? the proverbial bottom line is clouded by conversations with an eclectic collection of consultants , experts , philosophers , and casual acquaintances . eisenberg , a former esquire editor and short-timer with lands end , ruminates about a simple question : how much money do you need to feel secure ? the problem is that security comes in multiple forms : happiness , comfort , excess consumption , ego . and the accuracy and stability of those measures and outcomes is compounded by key assumptions about how long you will live and how healthy those years will be . constructing a one-year budget is hard enough . constructing a thirty-year budget is nearly impossible . eisenberg does n't help his case by the offbeat and idiosyncratic examples and profiles he chooses . doctors , divorcees , ` downshifters ' , and very little real data shed little light on the real issues . maybe i knew too much going in . maybe i expected too much from a few positive references from other sources . in the middle i was confused . by the end i was simply disappointed . and i have my own number , and it changes every day 
books neg 265.txt i have read several of hiaasen 's books and loved them . they were very funny . this one is not . it is an endless description of naked strippers . i found the main character , erin , to be very unappealing . she is just so stupid . her problems are all of her own creation . and she is not funny . i think you have to be a man to like this book . i , as a woman , just found it exceedingly boring . i kept waiting for it to get funny . it never did 
books neg 123.txt even if somehow bin laden did pick up this book and for some reason decide to read it he would not stick with it to learn the lesson that his victims are real average struggling people . the fictional letter / diary to bin laden from the mother of a fictional attack victim from an arsenal-chelsea soccer game which eleven suicide bombers interrupted is so boring bin laden would give it away before learning what the author wants him to . the mother just waffles on and on and on and on and on taking forever to get to the point of what she wants to say in any paragraph . if bin laden is ever captured maybe force him to read this as torture or something . also why does chris cleve chose to glorify bin ladden by crediting him with a new attack when lets face it he has n't achieved much since september 11 2001 other than be the world hide and seek champion cowering in a cave somewhere . this book would have been more realistic and made more sense as a letter to the ira , hezbollah , hamas , islamic jihad or one of the current more frequently operating groups . alternatively base it on a fictional mother of a fictional character on one of the planes or in the world trade centre . a good concept for a book but poorly written and to be quite frank , extremely boring ! 
books neg 960.txt some of the stuff in here was really screwy . it 's not a handbook to the & quot ; food and mood&quot ; book by elizabeth somer , which is what i thought it was when i bought it . it 's a separate program entirely . this one is too woozy and non-western for me . very little hard data to back up what they say , just kind of fruity and flowery 
books neg 934.txt this book serves the purpose of listing all available moves for the preset roster and shows all available storylines in the game . that 's about it . no instruction on create a wrestler , or for that matter , create anything . in fact , the previous two items i listed ( moves and storylines ) are pretty much the only content in this book . i do n't know ; maybe i 'm spoiled by prima and the good job they do writing for pc games . they just could have included a lot more content , that 's all . you could have found any old faq in 30 seconds of search-engine poking 
books neg 736.txt i have to admit the title and discription of this book was very alluring but it was merely a mask . i have had the book for two months and just cannot seem to get though it . although the first few pages were very catching with the author immediately opening with a murder scene that is discribed with enormous detail ; it just does n't click for me . i f ind it very hard to read more than a paragraph at a time and the story seems to jump around everywhere causing confusion of both characters and storyline . surely if you can get through the first few chapters it may become interesting but i just cannot do it my self 
books neg 831.txt this book is poor . it ' s not & quot ; philosophical&quot ; in any sense because it 's not logical and it 's not supported by the majority of music scholars today . reimer contradicts himself at every turn ; he does n't understand what langer is really saying ; and . his absolutist notion of music is completely out of synch with what most scholars argue about music today . reimer just mouths a lot of fluffy , feel-good nonsense 
books neg 532.txt let 's face it- -if you want to get a non-fiction self help type book published and sold today , you better have a completely original idea- -or make it controversial and provacative . i would hope that ms. bennetts ' opinions are written for this purpose since they are so extreme . i am a college educated stay at home mom of two small boys . i am proud to be doing that and to be defering to my husband to support me / us financially in this mutual decision . i feel it 's a personal decision to stay home and try not to be judgemental of others , but to me there is no career worth giving up taking them and picking them up from school everyday , helping in their class , having simple chats after school , and most important being very present in their young lives . does that mean i 'm sitting back fat , dumb and happy , expecting 100% to live the fairy tale so i can turn stupid and dependent on him for my every need ? of course not . our relationship is solid , his job is as stable as one can be , we have good life insurance and a lot of it . here 's an important one- -we live within our means ! we do n't have two leased cars and a house we ca n't afford . in addition , while i have " given up " my career to raise my kids full time , i have a lot of skills , drive , and no doubt that in that worst case scenario i could provide an income when and if i need to . i certainly would hope no one would give up the opportunity to stay home because of these so called realistic fears . look , if you want to be a working mom by choice- -knock yourself out . but do n't look for excuses to justify it to yourself and others by saying you 're doing it in case of the worst . that would be a bigger " feminine " mistake 
books neg 995.txt well after i received the book i have to say i was quite disappointed because i am one of those people who gives great importance to presentation in the books .after i read the reviews i thought i was going to get a book with lots of nice photographs and various nicely set tables .it turned out that it was just like an encylopedia with lots of recipes and couple of boriiinggg pictures .if you are a visual person like me who likes to read cookbooks when you go to bed dont buy it.the other important thing was that many important ingredients were missing in the greek food that was presented 
books neg 221.txt this book was very helpul in learning about how to handle my dog 
books neg 380.txt the daughter of a prominent boston doctor is dead , apparently from a botched abortion ( which was illegal in the late 60 's ) . dr. john berry 's friend , art lee , is in jail for the crime , which he says he did n't commit . so , dr. berry sets out to prove his friend 's innocence , and runs into cover-ups and lots of secrets . but there are many doubts , such as was the girl really pregnant , and did dr. lee actually perform the surgery , and why is dr. berry so interested in finding the culprit ? for michael crichton 's first novel , it 's not bad , but nowhere near as good as some later ones . the plot is marginally interesting , but it was hard to keep characters straight and the dialog did n't sound very natural . dr. berry ( who just takes the whole work week off to investigate ) talks more like a cheesy " private eye " than a doctor . also annoying was the use of footnotes and endnotes to explain various medical terms and concepts - nice to know but annoying to look up 
books neg 521.txt the author of this book , warren wagar , is apparently a professor of " future studies . " i certainly hope he has long been fired from that post . " a short history of the future " was written in 1989 , but the writer is so ignorant of politics , and so wrong , to be blunt , it reads as if it was written in the 1940's . orwell 's 1984 is more on the mark than this . he shows barely any creativity in his " predictions " and clearly was barely even aware of much of the contemporary political developments of his time . the fact that he assumes the soviet union will continue plodding along well into the 21st century is incredibly naive . the fact that he assumes the nation 's socialist economy system would survive equally long is similarly bizarre . did he read the newspapers ? did he pay any attention to that gorbachev fellow and the path he was bringing russia down ? and honestly , did anyone really expect that germany would remain divided into two states until time immortal ? or that latin america and africa would remain dictatorships forever ? or that black rule in south africa would not occur until 2014 ? if this book had been written 30 or 40 ago , it would be excusable . this book is just sloppy . he does n't even do a good job describing how his corporations take over the world . everything is just described in these overly flowery sweeping generalizations . like " and then the capital lords seized control of the governments and made the state wither like an autumn rose . " that sort of thing . the author is clearly an " ivory tower " academic who believes history can be predicted sorely through dry marxist theory and analyzing dubious vague " trends . " the fact that this book became horribly dated something like three years after it was published is quite a strong indictment of a man whose entire job was devoted to predicting the future . 
books neg 719.txt this book was so simplistic . i was quite disappointed . you get the impression his main goal was simply to reassure people that they are normal after all . a worthy goal , but when discussing something as complex as sexual fantasies i really think one should try to pursue things to their limit . he really held back from delving into any dark territory . his explanations for why someone enjoys certain things left out quite a bit . he always managed to put a happy , positive spin on everything , which is nice , but life is n't that simple 
books neg 344.txt despite the description and synopsis on the books cover this is not a computer crime novel . in fact with the exception of about 20 pages total the novel quickly looses its snazzy cyber crime appeal . in the first few pages we 're introduced to a dark haired female hacker but just as quickly she 's gone and the book spirals into japanese gangs , corrupt police , horribly bland and indistinguishable characters , and it just sucks from then on out . the story is good albeit incorrectly marketed . the characters however have no identity ! they all sound the same , with the exception of the japanese characters . sadly the book lacks serious writing talent , very little character development , on what could 've been a good story . one positive note perhaps is that the descriptions of japanese culture , etc. are really good . perhaps this is due to the authors departure many years before from england to japan . my advice : spend some time abroad again 
books neg 591.txt this book is nothing more than a chaotic brainstorm session with no pertinent information at all . you could save yourself time with a pen and some paper and a group of friends because thats all this author did . book doesnt show you how to start up any of the ideas it just lists them . it also has a plethora of grammatical errors and is almost as if the editor did n't even bother to read it before sending it to the presses . it is a complete waste of time and not worth the ninety cents it costs to buy it used . 
books neg 316.txt i love other preston / childs books so i thought i would love this one . i didn't . it is completely predictable . i was sure that the author would give it some interesting plot twists , but there were none . and parts of it were ridiculous : the length of the entombment , the amount of the treasure , the manner of transport , etc. the only character i really liked was the monkey 
books neg 9.txt heinlein loads this book up with hooks in the early pages to catch your attention . unfortunately , these hooks turn out to be superfluous and lead nowhere . this shoddy technique is found in all four of hienlein 's final books . we are also treated to some of heinlein 's stock characters , dirty old men , horny female computers , naked adolescent girls , and dominant beauties who would be right at home in leather and whips . without these archetype characters most heinlein novels written after 1970 would have a sparse population indeed . as if this is n't enough , heinlein drags in his usual cast of characters from his other novels as he is so prone to doing . in spite of all their cameo appearances , this group remains dull and one dimensional throughout . heinlein 's earlier novels written prior to 1960 are still fine fare for young people , especially boys . this novel , as well as most of heinlein 's later work will be enjoyed primarily by a group of die hard fans and is definitely not for general consumption 
books neg 58.txt when i found " hour game " in paperback at our local library 's monthly book sale , i thought i had hit pay dirt . but i cannot believe that this author who wrote such gripping gems such as " the winner " and " absolute power " could turn out such a dog . long , boring , and confusing . i fear that mr. baldacci hired an " aspiring young writer " to " help " him crank out a quick book . i cannot pass this book along to my friends - - i could n't do that to them . it will be tossed into our blue recycle bin . what a waste . what a shame . 
books neg 179.txt i can not stand this book . i ca n't even finish reading it . kevin j anderson can not write original star wars books at all . the only thing i have ever seen with his name on it that was entertaining was the dark lords of the sith comic book . everything he writes is unoriginal and lacking in story . he seems to have some obsession with death stars and world destroyers because all he seems to put in his books are those . darksaber , jedi search , dark apprentice , champions of the force , heck even the ig-88 story he wrote for tales of the bounty hunters had the death star tied in ( ig-88 transfers himself into the death star...what the heck ? ) seriously , this book is not worth it . try timothy zahn or michael stackpole . at least they do n't always use death stars . and while zahn 's last 3 books are based around thrawn , the original heir to the empire , dark force rising and the last command , when thrawn first appeared , was not him dry humping the same concept over and over 
books neg 343.txt i have never been a fan of danielle steel 's books and have only read a couple in my lifetime , and those many years ago . i 'm not sure what motivated me to pick up toxic bachelors - - extreme boredom ? insanity ? - - but i slogged through it last night and have to say that it confirmed all my bad impressions of this writer 's work . actually , i think i was a little surprised by how awesomely bad it was . the writing was completely repetitive and superficial , and i rather felt that i was reading a treatment for a novel rather than the novel itself . it read like a poor book report : " ...and then he did this , and then he did this , and after that he did this , and then he laughed . " we are told that the bachelors - - who struck me as commitment-phobic , a little neurotic , and fairly immature despite their ( middle ) age , but not necessarily toxic - - are decent , likable guys , but we never really see too much proof of that . when the " proof " does come , it 's so ham-handed as to be laughable : charlie 's eyes well up with tears when he meets a young girl who was abused by her mother , and so we know that he truly does have a loving and compassionate soul and untold complexities to his character . yeahsurerightwhatever . most of the story is told through narration , with little bits and pieces of ho-hum dialogue . the author adopted a third-person point of view , but there 's certainly nothing omniscient about it , and the reader is never sucked into the head of one of these characters . throughout the book they remain about as interesting and dimensional as paper dolls , and their interactions with one another always struck me as being fairly unbelievable . this is how men behave and relate to one another ? i find that hard to believe , considering that none of the men i know run around telling each other how much they love one another and how important they are to each other . i liked the female characters of the book initially . they all seemed to be strong , capable , independent and emotionally healthy women . but my opinion of each diminished greatly toward the end of the book , as each woman seemed all too willing to disregard her personal boundaries and put up with extreme schmuckiness from her man . and the conflicts steel generated amongst the couples seemed ridiculous : mountains out of molehills . for instance , gray , the 50-year-old artist who has always been phobic about family , refuses to meet the adult children of the woman he 's been with for several months and whom he claims to love . nevermind the fact that he 's known about the adult children since the very beginning . nevermind the fact that the adult children live in england and italy , while gray and sylvia are new yorkers . nevermind the fact that they have their own lives and are independent , self-sufficient adults who maintain their relationship with their mother through frequent phone calls and less frequent face-to-face visits . evidently gray ca n't see beyond the fact that they are " kids " and therefore " family " and therefore not to be tolerated . sorry , but whatever sympathy i 'd developed for gray by this point disappeared altogether when confronted by this monstrous display of immaturity . dump the weenie , sylvia . you can do better . the other two guys had similar displays of gross ridiculousness , and of course everything was wrapped up magically , with sudden capitulation , as if the men had just suddenly come to their senses . considering what little time and effort was spent on these characters , their conflicts and resolution , i have to wonder why steel even bothered writing this book . and why i bothered reading i 
books neg 843.txt i was also disappointed with evanovich 's latest book . if i read this book not knowing who the author was , i would have guessed it was written by her ; it 's amazing how many of the character 's actions and spoken words are strikingly similar to the plum series . agree that the pugg character is really annoying ! ! i am a huge evanovich fan and have read most of her non-plum books , but would have to say this is my least favorite . looking forward to the 13th plum in june . 
books neg 682.txt i really want to like thich nhat hanh 's books . i want to because people i respect like them , because i believe in the value of mindful living.. . but the truth is that i did n't find this book very helpful . i have real and continuing struggles with anger and this book while interesting in a round about way is , as others have mentioned , not directed toward the problem of anger . it is a mindful living remix . i 'm going to keep searching for a great tnh book and when i do i 'll recommend it . good hunting 
books neg 395.txt my husband is icelandic , and unfortunately this book was no help at all.. . it 's perfectly fine for the traveller , but in trying to live everyday life , conversing with new family members forget it . i would have liked to have seen a more comprehensive grammatical section , something that was laid out in something easy to look at and understand . if you are quite serious about learning this language i would honestly recommend saving the 20 bucks and buying the bit more expensive colloquial icelandic . for me at least , it 's quite easier to understand , has complete grammatical charts in the back , as well as a fairly decent dictionary.. . again , if you are only learning for business trips and such , then this would be a good option.. . for those of us actually moving there , her book is not so good. . 
books neg 303.txt i do n't know what to say about this book . it is the single worst book i have ever read in my young life . i feel like i 've witnessed a horrible tragedy and am at a loss for words to describe it . i would say at some point in the book , maybe about halfway , every line of dialogue , every characterization , every plot point , is absolutely terrible . this book is truly an offense to literacy , and i cannot understand how a publisher of any merit or author could publish and print this trash . i can only imagine that robin cook either allowed a child to write this book , or was chronically drunk while writing it . either that or he has lost his faculties altogether . i have read children 's essays that have been better written . while it would take a novel to explain all the problems with this book , the highlights are : -knowing the mystery 50 pages into the book and being forced to painfully watch the dumb characters discover the mystery -cliche mania with lines like , " i going to get to the bottom of this mystery " and when the character 's discover something , giving each other high-fives . -racist remarks about blacks living in harlem about how they like to steal televisions , own guns , and play basketball . -stereotype characters such as mafioso that like to eat spaghetti and named dominick and vinny . -incredible suspension of disbelief when the heros , nyc coroners , fly off to africa on a moments notice because they want to finish their case of a dead body . ( also paying for their friends to come too ) -wandering around the main installation easily where the evildoers are working , and asking questions , and getting answers to them real easy . -incredible annoying characters that make inappropriate jokes . ( i.e. making sarcastic remarks to a guy holding a gun on them ) -the book spirals into total madness in the last 50 pages to a beyond implausible ending . i got a sense whoever wrote the end of book was on sleeping pills when he wrote it . if anyone thinks this book is better than two stars , they need their head examined . 
books neg 278.txt i was really looking forward to reading " ever after " when i saw the favorable quote on the back cover by larry gelbart . but the book turned out to be a very cursory glance at the past 25 years of musical theater with remarkably little insight . here are the three things i learned from this book : ( 1 ) mega-musicals are almost always artistically corrupt ; ( 2 ) andrew lloyd webber is the anti-christ ; ( 3 ) the only innovative musicals to arrive in the past 25 years started off-broadway ( mostly at playwrights horizons and lincoln center ) . most of the hundreds of shows mentioned in this book get one paragraph each , with very few illuminating details . here 's what the author says about " carrie , " perhaps the most famous recent broadway musical flop : " carrie , of course , was an instant classic , a monument in the pantheon of failed broadway musicals . adapated by michael gore ( music ) and don pitchford ( lyrics ) from the notorious stephen king novel ( and even more notorious film ) , this $7 million musical celebration of prom vengeance and bad taste materialized at the virginia theater on the 12th of may , 1988 and was gone by the 15th , touching all who saw it with a timeless reverence for its indelible , monumental ineptitude . " does that really tell us very much about this musical ? did barry singer even see the show ? you sure would n't know it from this description . and just what , i wonder , makes king 's novel " notorious " or the movie " even more notorious " ? almost every show in this book rates that brief a mention , but somehow singer finds time for an entire chapter of lloyd webber-bashing where sir andrew invites the author to a cocktail party to show off his newest female singing discovery . the chapter sticks out like a sore thumb , if only because it has nothing to do with the rest of the book , but also because it 's one of the few times that singer goes into any detail . aside from a few interesting sondheim quotes , this book is a waste of time . 
books neg 674.txt though i am not a vogue reader , i picked up this book out of curiosity to see what anna w 's splashes in the tabloids were all about . while the subject is only mildly interesting to me , the author 's prose reads like a 300+ page deposition against anna wintour from everybody who had / has a major or minor gripe with her . it 's a heavy and boring read . gossip , if one can get over oneself and admit that it is entertaining , should remain light and diverting . in this book , it is difficult to garner much sympathy for the subject or its author , much less derive the slightest enjoyment from it . i was very happy to put it down . perhaps this lackluster effort will compel someone else to attempt a better job . but then again , when that time comes , anna wintour may be have disappeared completely from public interest 
books neg 460.txt this is a book meant to be enjoyed by children under the age of 10. young teens and adult readers will be disapointed . wish i never wasted the time of day reading it . glad it was borrowed from the library and not purchased or i 'd demand my money back 
books neg 11.txt once upon a time i was given a vanity-published book to review . it was an illogical mess , full of breathtaking non-sequiturs . while reading " iron john , " i could n't help thinking of it . the vanity book , however , was at least entertaining . john eldredge refers to " iron john " liberally in his book " wild at heart , " and because i considered that a ringing endorsement , i purchased a copy . i ca n't tell you what a chore it has been to finally finish reading it . the hardest part was not flinging it away in disgust about 17 times . it 's one thing to write a rambling tome full of obscure references ; it 's another to publish it . that people can slog through it and call it " profound " and " important " is baffling ; what 's even more mind-boggling is that people claim that this book " spoke " to them . i think it 's a case of " i 'd better say i understand it , or people will think i 'm not erudite . " well , let me be erudite about it : " iron john " is a big , steaming pile of new age crapola . do n't say i did n't warn you 
books neg 104.txt before i bought the pasajes series , i was relieved to see the ( then ) mostly positive reviews . however , i really feel like the overall review score of 4.5 stars is very , very misleading . i would not , in good faith , be able to recommend this series of books for learning spanish . this series of books was very confusing and extremely difficult to work with . some of the many issues with using this series of books to learn spanish : 1 ) the concepts are not clearly explained ( they invented a " new " english word for one ) and the exercises are excessively complicated and do not give you enough practice with the vocabulary / concepts to feel confident using them . 2 ) frequently , new words , phrases and concepts are introduced in the middle of a lesson about something else , via a footnote , with no further explaination provided ! ! this is super frustrating and distracting ! 3 ) using this series of books is very cumbersome , the books are not well coordinated with one another , and do not appear to reinforce each other 's concepts or vocabulary . i 'm very sorry , but these books are just terrible , and 4.5 stars is not at all reflective of the quality of these books.. . using this series of books has taken all the fun out of learning spanish , which i used to enjoy . if you have the option to use different books , take it 
books neg 143.txt main pro : an additional unbiased source of information in an area where there is not nearly enough main con : too few products reviewed as a first time mom ( and a compulsive researcher ) i found this book most helpful as a cross reference with other sources ( baby bargains , girlfriend 's guide to baby gear , and reviews in babycenter and at amazon ) . i will say though that i found myself trusting the advice of alan and denise fields and of vicki lovine more than that of the authors of this book . when reading through bb bargains and girlfriends guide i felt more keenly that the products were being judged by real parents who thought about parents ' needs ; consumer reports seemed a little less thoughtful and definately less comprehensive . getting ready for a baby is a behemoth task . the sheer amount of stuff you need- - clothing , bedding , furniture , strollers , car seats , feeding devices , toys- - and the myriad of choices that exist for each item can be very overwhelming . and because there are so many crib manufacturers , stroller makers , etc , no single superstore like bbrus or target can carry all of the " major " brands . it would be impossible to register at any one of these stores using only the recommendations of consumer reports ' book . now perhaps not everyone enters parenthood quite as clueless as i was about baby gear . and if you have friends and family who can share enough information with you ( and better yet stuff ! ) about these products , then you probably do n't need any of these books . but if you are the kind of person who wants to know all of your options and who works to get the most for her or his money , you 'll need more than this book . 
books neg 520.txt the author is reusing a similar plot device than in " twisted " : a somewhat obscure reference material that shows up late in the book and clarifies everything . that is a poor strategy for a mystery novel , because the reader expects to be given clues so as to be involved in the logical process of solving the crimes . the narrative in general is not kellerman at his best , either . the characterizations are so shallow that one wonders all the time why the characters act like they do . a small part of the book talks about brazil , and kellerman simply invents a couple of portuguese words making them sound spanish : ( " favilla " , " favillitos " ) . one wonders how much of the author 's research is similarly fictional . in sum , a book carelessly executed 
books neg 388.txt " being a lover of freedom , when the [nazi] revolution came , i looked to the universities to defend it , knowing that they had always boasted of their devotion to the cause of truth ; but no , the universities were immediately silenced . then i looked to the great editors of the newspapers , whose flaming editorials in days gone had proclaimed their love of freedom ; but they , like the universities , were silenced in a few short weeks... . only the church stood squarely across the path of hitler 's campaign for suppressing the truth . i never had any special interest in the church before , but now i feel a great affection and admiration for it because the church alone has had the courage and persistence to stand for intellectual and moral freedom . i am forced to confess that what i once despised i now praise unreservedly . " - - albert einstein . what i 'm getting at here is that you can propogate anyone to look bad , that 's easy . when you have two sources contradicting each other so heavily , you may want to consider the source ; i.e a protestant british author writing over fifty years after the fact , vice a prominent and liberal jewish figure who lived through the holcaust and has no biased motive to either slander or praise the beforementioned institution . or maybe israel zolli , chief rabbi of rome whose conversion to catholicism immediately after the war was prompted by the church 's reaction to the plight of the jewish people . this book is extremely propagated and heavily editorialized . it is important to read a work like this however , in order to better understand the manipulation of truth and half truth in the author 's motive 
books neg 964.txt art is a young man fresh out of college , and has a curious set of friends : arthur , an attractive gay man ; the enigmatic phlox with whom arthur works ; and the distinctly odd hedonist cleveland . art is uncertain of his sexuality , being torn between arthur and phlox . cleveland is a threat to the stability of anyone with whom he comes into contact . " the mysteries of pittsburgh " was a well-received , yet while at times i found it entertaining and witty , in truth it 's a very bumpy piece of work in which the characters do n't really convince . the plot is unconvincing from the first , and descends into absurdity towards the end . in summary , it reads very much as a first effort , perhaps an experiment , but i found it baffling that anyone could consider it a mature piece of prose . g rodgers 
books neg 636.txt i'vc had this book since i was 7 years old . i loved the awesome photos of echanis doing his thing . if you like the elaborate and complex , then this is the knife fighting book for you . there are simpler ways of " getting it done " , but few are more fun to try . and , by the way , if any of you are curious as to how he died , he was killed while " training " in nicaragua . hmmm . . 
books neg 535.txt while i only am a little over half way through this book , i 'm finding myself hating will . he 's pathetic and boring and not at all a character that i can cheer for . this book has been a tedious read overall . i keep pushing through because i feel like it has to get better , yet so far it has not . i 'm happy that i checked this out from the library , so that i can return it and not have it collect dust on my shelves . the only reason why i 'm even writing a review is that i 'm so shocked about all the positive comments this book has received thus far . i looked on amazon to see if my thoughts were shared by others ; i 'm surprised that they are not . i usually like this genre of fiction , but in terms of this book all it is is a bunch of whining and self-loathing 
books neg 74.txt i also bought the hype of nytimes best seller . goes to show you some people have really bad taste . the story was promising and could have been exciting without the awful dialog . it seems like the author was being paid by the word - too much repetition , entire scenes which added nothing to the story , etc. i would never purchase another book by this author . glad it 's over and this ones in the trash can.. . charli 
books neg 306.txt after anticipating the arrival of this book ( that i ordered some time before publication after hearing of it ) , i was disappointed . although the subject is timely , the writing style smacks of academia and therefore , will not appeal to the mainstream ( reader ) . because i 'm tenacious by nature , i finished the book , but found my mind wandering throughout because it simply did not hold my attention . too bad - it could have been inspirational 
books neg 15.txt let me see how many books can i write to preach to the choir about the same thing . she must of got dumped by a handful of liberal boyfriends ( what intellegent person would want her ) and now she 's trying to get back at ' em . ca n't wait for the next " i hate liberals so much and here are my reasons why " book . she should join fox she would fit right in 
books neg 40.txt this simply is n't history . in real life , people do things for reasons . historians explain what happened and ( to some extent ) why . that is how they are able to infer as yet unknown details and even predict future attitudes and acts . pappe gets plenty of facts wrong , but his biggest failing is to ascribe incorrect or even impossible motives to many of the people of the region . this book is propaganda masquerading as history . 
books neg 663.txt oh , how i wanted to love devon 's book ! he was such a charming rascal in " wicked.. . " and such a bore in " sinful. . " . there was no meat to this story . the back of the books summarizes it nicely . what would have made a better short story in an anthology was dragged on for over 300 pages . i admit i only made through about half before skimming and realizing it was n't going to get any better . there 's no sizzling tension , the love scenes weak , and the mystery is predictable . i had such high expectations for this boscastle book since drake 's was brilliant and devon 's character seemed such a lovable rogue . not a keeper for me . 
books neg 617.txt i found this book vacuous and jejune . and frankly , i met the author ( without knowing who he was ) and he tried to pick me up , and i 've never heard such a pile of cr. . in my life . and i 'm not even close to beautiful . so good luck with his advise 
books neg 673.txt it is fiction of course . it can not be otherwise for what it contends may happen is impossible ! many reviewers are upset . upset perhaps but they should not be worried . the church is protected by christ 's promise that it will not err . any person of faith sees this book as fiction . it is a poor attempt to disguise greely 's left wing theology as fiction . the message to those liberals who find & quot ; hope&quot ; for their cause in this book : it ai n't going to happen . recommended reading : & quot ; women priests and other fantasies&quot ; greely and his followers are delusional 
books neg 595.txt this book was written so long ago , but has been re-released with a new cover . it contains racist terms and old fashioned dialog . i wished i had been more aware and had bought a more updated history of new orleans . 
books neg 250.txt should martha rules have included any information regarding her going to prison as a " business decision " ? i would have been interested in reading about the pr strategy used in this " criminal spectacle " designed to make the question of martha / mdiddy 's innocence a moot point . are honest business practices being pushed to the side ? by normalizing , generalizing , and minimalizing martha / mdiddy 's crimes , are we loosing our morality ? how important is integrity to a leader...former ceo of a company ? be " thoughtful 
books neg 897.txt good , but it simply was n't actionous enough . i do n't mind having no action in a book ( otherwise how else could i love foundation so much ? ) , but children was a book that needed to have action in it . unfortunately it did n't really . too much philosophical babble that i had to re-read to get it . slightly reminiscent of card 's later shadow series with the sheer amount of internal monologue . too much about jane , not enough about the pequeninos and barely anything about ender , which annoyed me . to my shock ender 's death did not really impact me in any way , beyond- - " huh ? wait...ender is dead ? " , so little was his role in the book . he probably talked for only about twelve pages altogether . edit : from now on i am never giving a book that i halfway like two stars again because each time , i receive the urge to change my rating to three stars . just keep in mind that while it says two , it means three 
books neg 886.txt i did n't see the other reviews until after my copy arrived . having now wasted a weekend reading this book , i have to agree with everyone . the topic sounds great , the book is n't 
books neg 640.txt i have n't done this in awhile , but i do n't think i could review this piece any better than the other reviews i 've read about it . it 's pretty average , however filled with nice bits of knowledge . they did n't seem well-researched in some areas . here are the interesting parts of reviews from the other " critics " that i agree with.. . " they go into lengthy history lessons about the origins of the characters when two sentences...would be enough . " - john gallant " biased against superheros ( sic ) " - christopher ritter " i found this book to be tedious , lacking in charm , badly researched and wildy inaccurate in some areas . " - c.p. halliday " i picked up this book . " - lawrance m. bernabo " their belief seems to be that donald duck was the best comic book ever.. . " - m.g. bloedorn " pretty boring . " - bernardz " ...a black hole is hypothesized , lending a faint respectability to the premise behind green lantern 's abilities . " - peter vinton jr. " ...this book will not satisfy full on fans.. . " - james n . simpson & lt ; - --gave it five stars . " a chance to laugh about the heroes i still love and that mean so much to me . " - reviewer " man , there 's a whole 200 pages of this pooh-poohing , cranky-old-maid kind of stuff ! " - mark alfred " they were even putting words into c . darwin 's mouth . " - aaron spriggs " mildly entertaining but not great " - reviewer " when the man ( dean koontz in this case ) writing the introduction says he does n't read comics , i began to get worried . " - ivan a . wolfe " i agree with an earlier poster . " - reviewer " almost every chapter tells you why the superhero is impossible . " plastic larry " the authors give us a more plausible ( given what we know now ) origin for the hulk , involving steroids and fluorescent gene modification . " - j . draper carlson " this book is not mean spirited or nasty . " reviewer " superman 's powers break the laws of science . ooh . stop the presses . " - [...] " interesting . " - rick hunter " the science of superheroes , " - reviewer 
books neg 830.txt this book offers more information about santa claus than it does the gods / godesses associated with the winter soltice . the craft projects are cheesey and the recipes terrible . save your money and do a little research yourself and if you want recipes or craft projects pick up one of those special christmas magazines for ideas you can adapt for a pagan holiday theme . 
books neg 64.txt i like evanovich novels for a light read and a few laughs , and usually her hero and heroine are downright combustible - the stephanie plum and joe morelli relationship , sustained through 12 books so far , being a case in point . but full scoop was actually a trial to get through . i could hear another voice in there which was distracting and interrupted evanovich 's comedic rhythm . the whole tone of the writing was down about five notches from what i have come to expect from evanovich . the silly villains were either being too goofy or too violent , leaving us wondering were we supposed to be amused or frightened ? the least forgivable of the sins committed in full scoop was the fact that there was absolutely no chemistry between maggie and zack . none at all . so it 's hard to label the book : a sort of but not really romance , an almost but not much of a woman-in-danger... . maybe a new genre altogether - the slapstick thriller 
books neg 155.txt this books starts with such promise but i find it hard to believe that the people who wrote the glowing reviews were actually able to slog through it ! minutiae-fest 
books neg 279.txt updike failed to hold my attention throughout the story both because of its utter lack of suspense in any dimension and the inconsistencies in his character development . as other have stated , you know from page one that the final page will involve an arab , a truck and a bomb . the lack of anticpation must therefore be compensated for by something else - perhaps excellent writing , interesting character development or original insights . updike fails to deliver on all three counts . one particularly slipshod literary technique updike uses is the phrasing he gives the title character ahmad . when ahmad speaks , it is in the voice of an intelligent , thoughtful foreigner . his phrasing captures very well the cadence , vocabulary and grammar of a well spoken non-native speaker of english . curiously , ahmad is an american , raised in new jersey by a thoroughly american mother . so , what influences created this stilted phrasing ? updike is trying to somehow comvince us that a jersey teenager speaks like a pakistani or egyptian immigrant . there is no need for the technique and its inconsistency with the character 's life is grating . updike also relies heavily on ethnic / religious stereotypes . sterotypes often have some basis in fact but generally make for uninteresting literature . however , in updike 's case , the stereotypes make little sense at all . for instance , a high school counselor 's entire personality is attributed to his " jewishness " both by himself and by others who opine on his personality . this is particularly curious given that the man was not raised as a jew and , in fact , his family had rather adamently turned away from the religion two generations earlier . so where does all the jewsih influence come from ? likewise , ahmad 's mother 's personality is often linked to her irish heritage . yet there is no evidence whatsoever that her irish background ( which could have been many generations ago ) has influenced her one bit . the reader is left once again to wonder what motivates the stereotype - other than simply poor writing and careless character development . another out of place literay technique involves the inclusion of fairly lengthy passages from the korna in arabic . obviously , few western readers will understand arabic and it seems meerely pretensious for updike to include the original language rather than paraphrasing or translating the passages . what comes across is an attempt by the autohr to show he has done his research . if that is truly the point then the reader must wonder why the passages are reproduced in western script rather than arabic script . after all , the koran is not written with western phonetics in mind . ultimately , the book leaves one wondering why such a lightweight , poorly constructed piece was released by such a skilled author 
books neg 488.txt this book refers to philosophical basis of buddhist practices as well as technical clasification of the states to be reached into meditative absortion . it is not a manual nor a guide . no meditation techniques nor yoga excersises can be found on the book . the style is simbolic and poetical . it is an interesting book but the name does not reflect the content . it will be interesting for people more inclined to scholarly work 
books neg 567.txt here 's a real-review : *the first 100 pages are about how her mother made her get a nose job that when wrong . *the second 100 pages are about the frankenstein movie . *the last 90 pages are about every movie-star that 's ever gotten cosmetic surgery . and the whole thing is stitched together with an english teacher 's weekend theory on how a mix of " simulations and simulacra " + " the ego and the id " explain why people get cosmetic surgery . if you 're someone who orders books online based on catchy titles , then do yourself a favor and skip this one . how can a book on cosmetic surgery not even talk about the golden ratio ? 
books neg 594.txt i dont take neither stance on religion nor science with these comments . i have read the book and i have to admit that it was marketed and was presented brilliantly . it has one goal.. . sell , sell , sell . if you are after useful , quality , informative , knowledge to gain.. . well you wont find it here . im so shocked to even see that when you check the back cover of the book it actually says " non-fiction " . the author is a talented story teller..... . add a few statistics here and there , a dash of scientific key figures , mix it with life 's controversial unsolved mysteries , a few more dash of historic events and famous people , add and link a few references here and there , and wala ! ! ! ! you have a best seller . isnt that ironic ! it is a " new york times number 1 best seller " it was an interesting read though . 
books neg 986.txt this novel about a community in some desert village is written with the simplicity of language that one associates with old myths , and underlying the story are indeed echoes , sometimes close and sometimes rather distorted , of ancient myths . god is allegorized as gabalawi , the remote and mostly unseen owner of the estate of which the children of the alley are supposed to be his heirs . the central character in each of the five stories is up against the selfish and oppressive overseers who dominate the estate and its inhabitants with the help of their retinue of gangsters . the first of the stories evokes that of the expulsion from the garden of eden and the story of cain and abel ; the second that of moses and pharaoh ; the third that of jesus ; the fourth that of muhammad . then there is a fifth story , in which the central figure , a ` magician ' , is presumably a scientist . he tries to discover the secret of gabalawi he fails to find it , but in the process he is instrumental in the death of gabalawi ` who had been easier to kill than to see' . it makes no difference : the scientist , who has invented a weapon of great destructive power , is forced to put it at the service of the new overseer , and the children of the alley remain as oppressed as ever , though they remain hopeful that one day ` magic ' will put an end to their suffering . subtle the book is not , either in content or in style ; and in my view is far too long and far too repetitive . the overseers and the gangsters in each generation have different names , but as individuals they are indistinguishable one from another . a large number of the characters are perpetually angry or violent . they mostly ` shout ' , ` scream ' , ` shriek ' , ` yell ' , ` cry ' or ` sneer ' , which becomes rather tiresome . the literary quality of this novel is , i think , greatly inferior to mahfouz 's rightly famous cairo trilogy which has contributed to his having become the only arab to have been awarded the nobel prize for literature . but it is a courageous book for an egyptian to have written : it has been banned in egypt ; its allegories enraged the islamicists and led to an attempt on the author 's life . 
books neg 755.txt i looked through this book at a craft store the other day , and as a person who loves the ocean and seashells , i found maybe one project in here that i would consider making . just about every project uses a ridiculous amount of shells so imagine the cost would be prohibitive and for this reason projects look overly ornate . unless that is the look you are seeking to accomplish , i would n't recommend this book . try to find " decorating with seashells " by anita louise cran 
books neg 524.txt disappointed . as an english teacher , i expected a more compelling and less hokey use of whitman . the first story , of the deformed whitman loving boy , was utterly unbelievable and the continuity was incredibly challenging 
books neg 95.txt check out page 67 of the book for a basic reason why this book is useless : an entire page of a ftp session downloading openldap . huh ? how is this helpful ? getting the right version of berkeleydb and installing it , or installing and configuring openssl would have been far more helpful to me . this is another book composed mostly of cut ' n paste from the man pages , header files and varous scripts you can find with google . discussion on basic topics such as replication skips over key steps , examples for many issues are not provided or are hidden in the book . i use ldap at work and i used the o'reilly book to instal , configure and use openldap . i have yet to find a question that deploying openldap can answer that i ca n't get faster with google 
books neg 318.txt i generally like elmore leonard , this is the twelfth book of his i 've read , ranging from his detroit crime capers , to his l.a.-set chili palmer stuff , to some of his westerns . other than the terrible " be cool " , this is probably my least favorite of his books so far . set in the years between the end of world war i and 1934 , the story follows carlos " carl " webster from boyhood to manhood as the son of a wealthy pecan farmer rises to became a hotshot u.s. marshall . the story takes place in the dusty midwest , mainly around tulsa and oklahoma city , as carl faces off with various wanna-be desperados seeking to make a name for themselves . carl is a somewhat vain , cocky lawman , with a keen sense of what kind of quote will get him in the papers . his main foe is the son of a wealthy oil man , a no account young man who has everything he needs , but whose selfish nature and appetite for stirring things up leads him into carl 's path . mixed into this are kinds of period details , from prohibition to will rogers shows to klansmen vigilantes to " true detective " writers to striking miners to mentions of various real-life bank robbers pretty boy floyd , john dillinger , and bonnie and clyde barrow . despite all this background detail , the story itself failed to engage me . there are none of the clever twists and turns that characterize leonard 's best work . there 's a good guy , a bad guy , and an inextricable outcome whose resolution is surprisingly undramatic . in fact , about halfway through the book i realized that the " real story " was n't going to kick in - - i was in it ! and unlike many leonard books , the supporting cast of characters is n't particularly memorable . even leonard 's trademark strong dialogue is mostly missing , subsumed by his attempt to stick to period speech . ultimately , one gets the feeling that leonard was most interested in capturing the vibe of the period , and perhaps did n't spend nearly the same amount of effort on the actual story . that said , the depression and its effects are surprisingly absent from the story , given the time and place . all in all , unless you 're really really into the whole ' 30s gangster thing , not worth the time . 
books neg 434.txt as i read this book , when madeline was young , i felt as though i was lost , wandering through a forest , searching for something - a beautiful butterfly , a perfect flower , a mystical cottage . but there 's nothing there . it 's just a forest full of a confusing tangle of leaves and vines and nothing mystical at all . and that 's how this book is written . it is a tangle of thoughts and words , spread from the first page to the last . nothing special at all . i 've read all of jane hamilton 's books . i loved the book of ruth . adored a map of the world . they were both wonderful and i will always have positive comments for them , but i doubt i will ever buy another book by ms. hamilton . it 's not that i want a " formula " book . but i do want to read something that i can relate to and i do n't relate to this at all . i do n't like mac , the narrator . his mother is just plain strange and not endearing or believable at all . i ca n't stand buddy , his cousin . the rest of the characters i barely know and , quite frankly , do n't want to get to know . perhaps i 've changed since her first book came out . perhaps the author has . but whatever the differences , my love of jane hamilton 's books has ended . sadly 
books neg 623.txt there is one thing that every cookbook author can learn from how to cook without a book : recipes and techniques every cook should know by heart , by pam anderson ( not the big-breasted one ) , and that is the art of the highly marketable title . for starters , this artful moniker really plays on the single gal 's fears about never being able to put together nutritious , attractive , varied , affordable , and delicious meals for her future family every single night of the week . you want your kids to be armed with more than some simple carbohydrates when you send them off into the big bad world . so the plus side of this book is the title . that 's where it ends . the big idea here is to help the reader become a non-cookbook-consulting cook by : a ) teaching basic cooking techniques that are conducive to variation , and b ) suggesting mnemonic devices for said cooking techniques . sounds interesting so far , right ? well , the problem is that almost all the recipes rely on " canned low-sodium chicken broth " , which i think is a bit of a weird ingredient . it 's even included in the salad dressings . other big hitters include : heavy cream , butter , and sour cream . do people really eat like this ? regularly ? why not make the easy fruit parfaits for a quick and sweet ending to your meal ? just take a tall glass , drop in a few spoonfuls of sour cream , then a few spoonfuls of brown sugar , and some berries . repeat until the glass is filled . crikey . sour cream , brown sugar , and berries ? ! ? would n't it be just as easy to put the berries in yoghurt sweetened with a little squirt of greek honey ? am i totally off base thinking that this sounds much more appetizing ? or , if calories are no object anyway , why not pick up some baskin robbins ' rocky road on the way home from work ? that 's easy and it 's worth the internal havoc it will cause . oh , and here 's a sample mnemonic device that i ca n't not share , it 's that good : " cook tender vegetables with garlic and oil , then toss in some pasta that 's fresh from the boil . " pure genius , right ? right . in a way , the author was right - i can cook all these things without a book . but why would i want to 
books neg 398.txt clearly the tens of millions of fouls who read this racist crap fail to see it for exactly what is ; an endorsement of ethnic cleansing . if the tables were turned and a jew , or a muslim wrote a series in which anyone who disagreed with judaism , or islam was brutally murdered than the same fundamentalists idiots who take such disgusting pleasure out of this garbage would go simply ape s**t . i do not know what is more pathetic the fact that there are actually fundamentalist lunatics out there who write this truly unforgivable racist garbage , or the large number of dimwits out who eagerly wait to throw their money away on each installment of hateful filth ! ! 
books neg 139.txt first let it be said that this book leads you to believe that he hikes the whole trail.. . he does not . he hikes less than a third . you dont find this out until 2 / 3 through the book , which is right about when the book goes from passibly bad , to an ill effort to fulfill a contract . my conclusion on this book is that he was contracted to hike the trail by his publisher , could not , and stuffed the remainder of the book with verbatum history lessions and whole cloth inserts of useless statistics . as others have said in this review forum . this book can be snide , highschoolish and down right mean . i fail to see the " wit " in his endless negitivity and bashing . this book has a few funny parts , but i cant help but feel that it is a huge exageration of real events , and is mostly contrived fictional accounts which he uses to air is nasty comments . it is so unbelievible in places , that you know you are on an imagined tangent . dont waste your money or time . i am so happy i bought it for 25 cents at a yard sale ! 
books neg 694.txt the author gives vague advice , the " calm down " , " be objective " cliche advice . if you do n't believe me , i 'm literally quoting him . although the author tries to make his book seem original , as you can read , it 's not merely about imagining yourself in positive circumstances , but mixed with the generic advice i mentioned . this is not something revolutionary , this is rehash . save your money and go imagine yourself in a positive situation , you do n't need to read hundreds of pages to do it , or spend $ on what to imagine 
books neg 518.txt great book , of course , but for this edition oxford used a computer to justify the type . on every other line you encounter three or four spaces where there should be only one . it may not bother most readers , but i 'm looking for another publisher 's edition 
books neg 82.txt i was at the airport , getting ready to fly out to cali and i found this book in the airport gift shop - i thought what a stroke of luck i had getting a stephen king title at such a juncture.. . i 'm a huge fan . despite the fact that i started and finished the book exactly as the plane took off and landed , i was sorely disappointed . much ado about nothing would be an overstatement 
books neg 634.txt dr. hawkins first book , power vs force was interesting and presented a useful way to dowse using kinesiology . however , he began to venture into misapplication of this method , and has now gone off on a tangent where he seems to wish to delude himself into thinking he has developed a fool-proof way to judge the level of consciousness of any entity , concept , or construct and the truth or falsehood of any statement . there are serious logical , philosophical , and practical flaws in his work , and his attempt to quantify matters that are n't quantifiable leads to meaningless data that probably matches the bias & beliefs of those carrying out the muscle tests . this book is a good example to present to show how people can deceive themselves and misuse muscle testing and dowsing techniques . the actual technique is worthwhile , but much of what hawkins presents in the book is utterly meaningless and invalid . the levels of awareness that can be tapped into with dowsing are wise enough to not let us ask just anything we wish to and be able to receive accurate , valid answers . hawkins explores issues about media , politics , religion , spirituality , history , philosophies , healing arts , entertainment , and more , and reveals his own gross ignorance on many matters . he seems unaware that many of the people he trusts in politics and media are professional gangsters , liars , and two-faced sociopaths . he has a negative view of conspiracy theorists , many of whom are genuinely determined to find the truth and do n't resort to hawkins ' misguided shortcut attempt to identify truth . hawkins also fosters confusion with his description of his muscle test method , as it really has little to do with applied kinesiology , but is a form of dowsing where the muscle is directed to remain weak or strong in lieu of muscle response moving a pendulum or rod . i hope hawkins gets to reconsider his current efforts...consciousness and spiritual research are vital endeavors and there are others doing useful , responsible work in those areas . for now i 'd encourage hawkins to recognize that 911 was in part an inside job , many conservative politicians and pundits are corrupt frauds , and the overall maturity of consciousness in america is not greater than the rest of the world 
books neg 276.txt i am not going to repeat other reviewers discussion of the lack of character development . my issue is with the lack of basic research . one incident has hawke 's zodiac being fired upon by a french patrol boat 's missile . bell uses the harpoon missile as the weapon . the french have their own very effective ship to ship missile in the exocet . very unlikely that the french would use an american made harpoon . later in the novel , hawke is taking off from a carrier deck in the latest vtol aircraft , the f-35. the catapult fails and hawke is put in grave danger . my problem , this is a vtol aircraft , which the author goes to great lengths to mention and describe . why would there be a " cat shot " at all . vtols are designed for vertical takeoff and then transistion into level flight , which , again the author describes . also this scene has nothing to do with the story . just another " saturday cliff hanger " episode . this is my second attempt at a ted bell novel , assasin being the first . there are too many other writers out there than give a sense of believability for me to waste my time on this type of thriller . i believe the author has the ability to create a very good novel . i wish he would cast aside the unbelievable and go with something a little more creditable 
books neg 415.txt i tried as hard as i could but just could not get into this book . not quite as bad as her book , " impossible , " but close . danielle steel is getting so repetitive in her writing . basically , this book repeated over and over how much quinn liked sailing and how he neglected his wife throughout the years and that he did n't realize how much she meant to him until she was dying / dead . drivel . she could have elaborated on what was supposedly the storm of the century but ended it quickly or expanded on the characters themselves , but no . a waste of time . very hard to get through as there really is nothing there to get into at all . disappointing , to say the least . 
books neg 996.txt this book provides excellent information about what rheumatoid arthritis is , how to distinguish it from osteoarthritis , etc. however , i do n't want to live with ra , i want to recover from it . as such , this book offers no help in this regard . it tells me about drugs that i can take and splints that i can wear to help me from becoming completely disabled , but offers me no hope of recovery . in contrast , the book " conquering arthritis " by barbara allan , is the well-researched account of someone who took charge of their health and fought to recover from the disease , to get their life back . and succeeded ! i 'm well on the road to recovery myself by applying the principles in her book . now that 's a book well worth spending your money on 
books neg 789.txt good lord , people must be busier than i thought . if you have n't been allowed to even think about your future after retirement , then maybe you will get something out of this book . for the rest of us , this is drivel 
books neg 47.txt if you are interested in a very traditional approach from a professional photographer , this book will provide lots of information . it also provides valuable tips about controlling the dog . but for my taste , i found the photographic results to be uninspiring - too much posing , too much portraiture lighting , not enough of just plain capturing that wonderful dog as it is 
books neg 667.txt the unbelievable awfulness of the prose makes dan brown look like borges in comparison . naming characters " guard one " just shows you do n't even try to care . the plot is so hair-brained that just thinking about it gives me a headache - - i just learned , to my horror , that there are two sequels to this that turn the entire thing into a treatise on the end times . i 'd have loved to see what a capable author could have done with the premise , but it 's been ruined forever by.. . this . somewhere , baby jesus is crying 
books neg 94.txt way too much unusable information . i kept waking up throughout the book , hoping to get to the parts about day-trading i could put into practice . ( it never happened 
books neg 24.txt i did not finish the book ( i got about 70% of the way through before i realized i could not bear to read one more page ) . maybe the remaining part of the book would have been better , but i doubt it . this is the first time i can ever remember not even having even the slightest interesting in finishing a book . the characters were flat and plot went nowhere . please - there are million of books out there . spare yourself , and find something else to read . anything . 
books neg 97.txt i wonder if jance wrote this just to get a movie credit based on her novel . one cannot help but be suspicious of writers who shift gears in their careers and write in a tom clancy or john d . macdonald style just because that 's what film-going audiences like . i do not think this is a bad thing , but i , like some of the reviewers here , are so fed up with clich plots that just borrow from i.e. , macdonald 's & quot ; cape fear , & quot ; or use that tired native american romanticism that certainly sells the box office tickets through the roof . as for her writing style , she really should stay away from those scenes where character developments have not fully grown . what we 're left with are people who are one dimensional like both the walker parents , davy , his fiancee , and to some extent , lani , who just never convinced me that she had the fire of the budding medicine woman . her male voice is very forced machismo that is typical of female writers who are testosterone-challenged . the men in this novel just were n't credible when they spoke . i kept seeing jance speaking for them . so we 're left with a high-concept piece that is still waiting for hollywood to call and possibly star penelope cruz as lani walker . what 's the tohono o'otham word for & quot ; 2 thumbs down ? & quot 
books neg 732.txt the only reason susan mccrook would n't talk was she was afraid she 'd end up taking an adn ( arkansas dirt nap ) . case closed 
books neg 615.txt please be aware that this book contains very explicit information about every topic of sexual nature . read this book yourself before giving it to your child . it discusses oral sex , anal sex , how to use and purchase condoms , masturbation ( for girls and boys ) , etc. when the author discusses exploring your own sexuality , she says that if she had known about masturbating sooner she would have straighter teeth , as she would have stopped sucking her thumb . the cover of this book gives no clue to the depth of information covered within . it is in no way appropriate for a girl under the age of twelve . for many parents even the age of twelve would be inappropriate 
books neg 720.txt this is the sort of book for paranoid people addicted to conspiracy theories . they would rather believe a fanciful lie than the mundane truth . though i do n't agree with most of what 's written in this book , i do n't regret buying it . it teaches me how to con ignorant people with high tech jargon and conspiracy theories . if people believe that amalgams or metal restorations are the cause of their headaches , fatigue or whatever symptoms , then removing them will definitely cure them . that 's how faith healing works . the only reason why i do n't use amalgam in my practice is because i do cosmetic dentistry . if the patient does not mind the colour , amalgam is definitely a superior direct filling material for class 2 and subgingival preps . i have absolutely no qualms about having that done for myself . toxicity ? sure , some people are affected by amalgams and anything can be toxic to somebody , but let 's not forget that these cases are extremely rare ( perhaps less than 10 on this planet and most of them would be chinese ) . there are literally thousands of tests and studies establishing amalgams as safe filling materials over the last 100 years . there are numerous studies that show how safe amalgams are . if dr breiner has been to asia where we have much healthier diets and lifestyles , he may notice that we also have many healthy 70 to 90-year-old asian men and women who have gold and amalgam-filled teeth in their mouths . are composites totally safe ? the incidence of allergic reactions to composites ( very low ) is higher than that of amalgam toxicity . this is something the author failed to inform us . all his anecdotal evidence are almost laughable as they are not supported by independent studies and sceptical parties . not one case he mentioned can be conclusively attributed to amalgam . mercury can be very toxic , but after tituration and amalgamation , the metal remains in the solid state and is not absorbed by the body . it 's different from inhaling mercury vapour daily , injecting or ingesting mercury or mercuric compounds . at the end of the day , propagating such beliefs will only spark panic , paranoia and various psychosomatic " illnesses " . following breiner 's protocols for " detox " , patients will only be paying a fortune for otherwise very simple dental work . gosh , with so many gullible patients in america , i should probably move my practice to america and start doing amalgam detox instead of honing my skills for cutting crowns , bridges and sinking implants 
books neg 193.txt temperance brennan is an american forensic anthropologist .the author is a anthropologist in real life and i feel she gave to much detail as to body parts & conditions , & locations in the book , and in about the 3rd chapter to much time and space is wasted talking about " gabby " including in detail where gabby lives and details that surround the outside of gabbys place & how gabby and tempe were friends from grad to man parts in life . book was not for me i dropped it at the 3rd chapter . 
books neg 593.txt i bought this classic novel on cd thinking it would hold the interest of my 2 grade school boys , who enjoy books on cd while driving to and from school . they did not like the narrator 's snobby french accent nor could they understand many of the words . this is a great cd for high school or adults but not children . a bust for us . 
books neg 681.txt chris bohjalian is a gifted stylist , and it pains me to give this book such a low mark . it 's hard to say much without giving away the plot , but i found the plot contrived and manipulative - - too clever for its own good . the book started strong , but as the main character became more disassociated with reality , i became more disassociated with the book . i finished it , but it was a struggle 
books neg 710.txt i was n't pleased with this book . i 've read all of ms. warren 's e-books and i have to say they have a lot more fire . she lost a lot in this book . somewhere around the middle of the book , i started thinking " did i actually buy a book this bad . " because i enjoyed her e books so much i did n't stop to think before purchasing it . i was so happy to have her book , i immediately called a friend who also drove to the book store to purchase the book . boy , did i get it from her the next day . because we do n't believe in throwing money away , we 're still stuggling to finish the book . hopefully , there is light at the end of the tunnel . 
books neg 23.txt i thought it was me until i read several other reviews of predator . ms. cornwell can do so much better than this disjointed mess . if she 's going to continue the scarpetta series , she needs to get back on track , creating characters that we care about . i finished this book as quickly as possible just to get it behind me . what a disappointment 
books neg 641.txt the first novel written by stephenson , and it 's a satire on college dorm life . pointless , rambling , and bizarre . it 's a good thing he 's improved his writing over the years , as this one stunk 
books neg 466.txt you get your money 's worth here- -there are a ton of cds in this audio book . unfortunately , i found bryson 's prose ( which i enjoyed a lot when reading silently , as i have done with his other books ) to be greatly irritating when spoken aloud . to me , he sounds kind of ' affected ' in parts , and sometimes there is a sort of " moist " sound when he pronounces words . hard to describe until you hear the cd , but trust me on this one . i think a lot of the positive reviews on here are for the book , and not the cd . i would stick with the written word on this one . 
books neg 770.txt if you adore the intellect and see in it the only way to the highest , purest , and most divine knowledge , than this is your book- -but it is n't mine . page after page of speculation about the higher realms open only to a mind freed from the crude considerations of the flesh....i kept hoping that plotinus would realize his vision and disappear before finishing , but it did n't happen 
books neg 511.txt i was very disapointed with this book . it 's a large volume of just opinions . the profile is somewhat useful , about 20 pages of good stuff , but the rest could be trashed 
books neg 132.txt this series may be good for a laugh . some of the writing is engaging . but the premise is absurd . why , in this day and age , should anyone accept the world-view of the bible ? a book that tells us to buy and sell slaves , stone our wives to death if they accept some other tribe 's beliefs , and subordinate our minds to an absolute despot up in the clouds of mt. sinai ? in a sense , bible believers have been " left behind " since the 1700s enlightenment . tom paine 's " the age of reason " showed the god of the bible to be a cruel , vindictive monster . and what did thomas jefferson call the book of revelations ? " the ravings of a madman . " read this series , if you like . enjoy parts of it . but make no mistake : to take any of this seriously , you have to regress to a prehistoric world-view , before men learned to think , to ask questions ; before logic or science - - a time when dazed , superstitious primitives believed stars could fall to the earth , if they did n't grovel humbly enough to their supposed god . do the absurdities and contradictions bother no one ? when the " sheep " are raptured up to heaven , their clothes are left behind . so heaven is a nudist colony ? the basic contradiction , of course , lies in using worldly action ( some of it exciting ) to proselytize for the unworldly , the supernatural . but why should we care whether any of the " good " guys gets killed ? and why should they mind - - wo n't they go straight up to heaven ? that 's what they want , is n't it ? why even lift a finger against the " bad " guys - - did n't christ say , " resist not evil " ? worried about who will win ? " god " is infinitely powerful . so jesus ( who is 1 / 3 of god - - or something like that ) is sure to win when armageddon rolls around , in book 12 of the series . and the " sheep " - - the believers - - will happily worship him , looking just like the pictures of dim-witted , bovine people you see in the tracts jehovah 's witnesses leave at your door . the going price for a used copy of " tribulation force " is one cent . does that tell you something ? actually , the story-telling is worth more . the basic premise is worth less . perhaps it averages out 
books neg 700.txt this book is pretty much useless if you 're looking for info on how to build a dulcimer . only about 60 pages of it actually talks about dulcimer making / repair . the rest is a long winded history / bio of homer ledford . some of that is a bit interesting from an historical / cultural perspective , but the author beats it to death . homer wanted the book to be just on how to build and care for a dulcimer ; the rest was the author 's idea . dean kimball 's book on dulcimer making is better , although still lacking in some areas . this book has no patterns or plans , few useful photos , and is weak in what instruction it does provide . there are a few useful ideas but not worth the price of the book 
books neg 544.txt i m not a big fan of communism , nor of stalin . but i cross checked the facts mentioned in this book with facts in some other books i have read on similar subject and found that author edvard radzinsky is strongly biased against stalin . in the entire book he seems to give no credit for anything to stalin nor to his leadership qualities during the course of second world war . dont waste your money on a propaganda book . better to go for an unbiased account from a neutral observer , thats what biographies are supposed to be 
books neg 923.txt by chance before picking this up i had just finished the heart is a lonely hunter by carson mccullers , and was struck by the similarities and differences . it 's a great " compare and contrast " pair , as an exercise for high-schoolers . both are written as first-person accounts by teen-aged girls and are roughly contemporary . heart published in 1940 , and castle in 1948 , both about life in the 30s . both families are poor . in castle though , there is never any question that the girls might go off and get jobs . this is supposedly because they " do n't know how to do anything " . so instead they sell off their belongings and get by on scraps of bread and the odd bit of butter . how charming ! they are " eccentric " , which seems enough in the author 's eyes to exempt them from the expectation of supporting themselves . only stephen the handsome young son of the late housekeeper , enamored of cassandra , does work and gives the family his entire salary . but he is of the class that is expected to toil after all . even he is rewarded in the end- -able to avoid labor with an easy job similar to that of step-mum topaz- -striking poses . unlike the looming and grinding poverty of heart then , the poverty in the castle never amounts to more than a lark- -educated folks playing at being poor until they 're rescued by romantic circumstance . not so in america where mick kelly , who did n't know how to do anything either , went off to work at woolworth 's , and to a life of little hope . in castle the solution comes in the form of that classic deus ex machina , the inheritance . two dashing young wealthy americans one of whom has inherited the castle , show up just in time , with their chatty modern mum . they throw money around and talk too much , in the cliched extravagant american style . most of the remainder of the novel consists of cassandra and her sister rose swooning over one brother or the other , with an eventual romantic result that assures all the characters of economic well being . it 's all so very charming , bourgeois , and harmless . if your life is hard do n't worry- -a man will show up to rescue you ! the reviews for this novel in amazon are overwhelmingly positive . smith was obviously talented . her writing is elegant and a pleasure to read . i wish she had given cassandra a little more ambition . 
books neg 293.txt well you know the rest . aside from her brash repetative demeanor her cooking has a lot to be desired . these meals cannot be done in 30 minutes , unless that is if you want everything half cooked . the book makes false promises and does not deliver . there are also no pictures and no index and the recipes are very confusing..most of them deriving from an original master recipe and then just changing one or two things . if you want good food and a good cook book do n't buy into the hype and do n't buy this book . 
books neg 826.txt i grew up reading harold evan 's sunday times - in the late 1970s it provided a window on the world that few other papers could . i particularly remember comprehensive coverage of egyptian president sadats historic visit to jerusalem ; ongoing coverage of soviet dissidents and a very welcome ( i 'm irish ) editorial urging britain to consider withdrawal from northern ireland . however , from today 's perspective , the paper 's foreign coverage seemed to be written from a point of view which could be summarised as ` what would the world do without henry kissinger ? ' [indeed this has always seemed to be mr. kissinger 's view also] ; and that soviet unreasonableness was a product of american hawkish unreasonableness and that balance , compromise and reasonableness were achievable with enough negotiation . my memory is of positive disdain for the emerging tax revolt in california and absolute dread at the more confrontational foreign policy approach being urged by followers of governor reagan . a major positive for me was the explanatory diagrams and the furtively taken photographs of soviet missiles ( ss-20s ? ) being deployed in russian forests . i was reminded of these diagrams in 2002 / 3 when the modern sunday times gave excellent descriptions - supported by diagrams - of saddam 's mobile chemical / biological weapons labs - which turned out not to exist . in saying all the above , i mean both to pay tribute to harold evans and to put in context the criticisms i have of this book - which contains descriptions of his triumphs as sunday times editor and his difficulties as times editor under rupert murdoch . the book has three sections - the first describes some of the episodes which made evan 's sunday times great - the investigative reports from the insight team and others , of malicious cover-ups of poor quality in the pharmaceutical industry ( thalidomide ) and the aircraft industry ( mcdonnell douglas ) ; the publication of the crossman diaries - laying bare the rivalries and mutual disdain of the members of the british labour cabinet . having established his credentials as a ` vertical ' journalist - evan 's term , which he describes as ` seeking to get to the bottom of things ' - and lauding his proprietors , the thomson 's , for allowing him to do so , the second part of the book deals with the advent of mr. murdoch as owner . the machinations of murdoch to gain control are fascinating , the thomson 's were drained both financially and personally by the losses induced by union activity , and they secretly dealt with murdoch while other offers were being pursued by the editors . murdoch eventually won ownership of both the times and sunday times , having given guarantees of editorial freedom to a board of ` national directors ' , guarantees , which if breached , were theoretically amenable to criminal legal sanction . as part of the change of ownership evans was offered the editorship of the times - one of the free worlds most revered titles . in his description of the paper , evans reveals an almost po-faced reverence for the place of the times as part of the british establishment - he sees it as the paper of record , upholding fair , non-partisan and accurate journalism which british society has come to expect . one feature of this is his constant enumeration of people 's educational background , almost every colleague is named and then his / her school and university are listed - for example joe smith , winchester , oxford , to establish both social class and academic ( perhaps intellectual ) credentials . he documents the ` four pillars ' of the times as its reporting of parliament , its legal coverage , its obituaries and its leader columns . oh dear ! stolid stuff , from the fearless , vertical , investigative editor . nonetheless this section contains fascinating accounts of evan 's new broom editorship coming to terms with the rather lazy attitude to scoops and freshness of news which , by implication , criticise his predecessor as editor ( william rees mogg ) ; and show that change was indeed necessary at the institution . looming behind this story is murdoch 's general management style - haphazard interventions , secretive finances and lack of budgeting and planning . from the text it seems to me that murdoch was overstretched with transatlantic acquisitions , rather than covertly scheming to undermine evans . the third section of the book reads a bit like macbeth - murdoch plots to renege on his guarantees and to impose his will on the editors . the text here is well paced and descriptive - the tension plays havoc with everyone , save perhaps murdoch , evan 's second-in-command betrays him , various functionaries within the paper either resign or become lackeys , the ` national directors ' turn out to be paper tigers ( this is too good a pun to delete ) , the thatcher government sides with murdoch and fails to taken any action as the guarantees are broken , piecemeal . the thrust of this section reveals evans as tragic hero , valiantly striving to uphold freedom of speech against the devious , double-dealing murdoch , whose lackeys live in fear of his disapproval . however , by the time i got to this section i had , sadly , lost a lot of respect for evan 's impartiality , his defence of press freedom seemed to me to cloak an innate inability to face change in the form of new commercial and political realities . this was reaffirmed in my mind when , on the day that evan 's agreed to reign , who should phone to commiserate but henry kissinger ! in the end i think the book is important in that it is illustrates that one important feature of change and leadership is that they are neither comfortable nor , initially at least , popular . evans , though personally engaging - and i 'm sure mercurial and demanding - came to represent a set of fading political beliefs . the change occurring at the times these events described were taking place saw the emergence of economic individualism unleashed by lowering taxation rates ; the antipathy to organised labour and active military competition with the soviet union . the fading , indeed failing , social democratic consensus was overthrown by a more individualistic and competitive set of beliefs and the process was quite ugly , given the sincerely held beliefs on both sides . i believe evans and murdoch were representative shadows of this change . the rest of the story - evans attractive forthrightness , murdoch 's furtive acquisitiveness - while the human interest focus of the story , are ultimately a side show . this book is well told , highly dramatic and engaging , however seen at a remove of twenty five years it is a lament from someone who worked hard to become part of an establishment whose day was done . 
books neg 1.txt this book has its good points . if anything , it helps you put into words what you want from a supervisor , but it is not very accurate . the online test does not account for a difference between when 2 of their options are both exactly like you , or if they do n't describe you at all . this messes up the results , and it did not describe me very well . i am not just in denial . i have taken a lot of personality type tests , like the keirsey temperment sorter and have a pretty good idea of my strengths . so , although this book is pretty good in making you understand the importance of incouraging your strengths , it still leaves you wondering about how you fit in to their terminology . as for using this book as a manager to better serve your employees , i'v seen it done and it does not necessarily work because the strengths spit out for people were not wholly accurate . the company i work for has done this , and most of the people who were shifted around to better serve their strengths ( according to this book ) are very unhappy in their new positions . your money can be spent better elsewhere . i say its only worth about $10 
books neg 918.txt what could have been a hilarious , informative account of breaking outlandish old-fashioned laws and getting ( or not getting ) in trouble for them turns out to be no more than the story of a couple of clueless young british guys ( i think the author is around 23 ) wryly making fun of america 's perceived backwardness . sometimes it just seemed like they were trying to do things and , when they could n't , they outright gave up on some great chances . the swedish girls in frisco : why include it if it did n't come to fruition and , furthermore , involved no lawbreaking ? ? ? i 'm still wondering why they included their 2-page tour of hearst castle when it was little more than a miniscule travel log ( cool , hearst had greco-roman statues in his poolroom ) . they do n't get arrested and they do n't really accomplish anything . too bad 
books neg 806.txt this is one of the silliest books i have read for a long time . it could be categorised as belonging to the same genre of " action fantasy " as a number of hollywood films . examples of the rules of reality being abandoned : the action takes place in the middle of antarctic winter , and the author even notes at one point how it 's pitch dark outside , yet there are scenes on the ice that play out as if the characters could see each other . people spend minutes in freezing water , yet pop out none the worse for the wear . two close allies of the united states attack a us installation on no better motivation than a claim that a " spaceship " has been found there , shouted once through the radio . a 12-year-old girl goes through hours of commando troops shooting at each other in a closed facility without getting hurt physically , nor , apparently , mentally . a prototype airplane that has been buried in ice for over ten years , but that works perfectly on the first attempt to fly it . the stupidity goes on and on , but that 's perhaps enough to give a taste . there are perhaps people who do not care about any of this , but i do n't enjoy books whose author does n't have one bit of interest in any sort of realism 
books neg 468.txt i 'll start with the positive : the main character is a classic hero in every sense of the word - tall , good-looking , smart , humble , etc. the story was engaging and made for a quick read because it was easy to follow , carried the reader along and crafted as to have no wasted words . in short , it was a competent work of fiction . that 's where my praise ends , because this is the type of work that contributes to our national problems by feeding false stereotypes and radical agendas . sure , it 's a work of fiction , no one is going to take it seriously , yada yada yada . but that 's not true , is it ? so many people in this country believe that this the plot of this book is plausible and even to be encouraged - - just look at the reviews to find the believers . alright , here are my problems with it : first , politicians are corrupt and will sell-out anyone to maintain power , but that 's not true if you 're a conservative farm-boy elected despite your honesty from a midwestern state . in term limits , vince flynn just beats you over the head with the " power corrupts " mantra - he does n't show it in the actions so much as just repeats it like the chorus of a bad rap song , yet from the lips of the marine combat veteran congressman who is our protagonist . you know what , though ? there are people in politics on both sides of the aisle who really want to do what 's right , who really are trying to make a difference for the positive , for this nation and the citizens . in this book , however , the public is a tool to be used and treated as if they are n't smart enough to make good decisions . second , murder is a viable answer . this repeats another mantra that conservatives repeat often - that they do the hard fighting and living to protect this nation and its freedoms so that the liberals can live in their fantasy-land . come on , get real . this book touts a special forces unit as being so committed to the constitution that they are willing to murder high-level politicians and threaten the president with assassination if he does n't balance the budget . and , they get away with it because it 's really the right side to be on . murdering our leaders is the answer according to vince flynn . murder solves the obvious weakness that we have as a nation , that being elections . elections apparently just get in the way . third , the balanced budget . for years and years - until the time this book was written - conservatives cried about the budget . the book makes it the central theme . balance the budget and make us fiscally responsible . it 's important enough for a military coup supported by the protagonist of this novel . a coup ! ! ! yet , when the conservatives did take power , despite vince flynn 's prescient forecasting ability , they ran the deficit into uncharted territory and did n't flinch . even when confronted by this atrocity of fiscal irresponsibility , they claim that now ! ! ! ! ! the deficit is n't a big deal , that it 's really just a function of the percentage of gdp and we ought to all forget about it . this book starkly reveals the disconnect between conservative priorities of the 90 's and the realized result nearly two presidential terms later . it 's like looking back in time to a parade of nit-wits . fourth , the good guys do n't do bad things . the special ops team kills only who they want and never any innocents - just the politicians . the bad guys leave a wake of messy slaughter and civilians whenever they use murder as a tool . flynn spends way too much time making this point and beating the reader over the head with it . . . killing is good when only your target dies . . . but whatever happened to that oh so famous , though shalt not ? - cv ric 
books neg 430.txt this year , 60% of college entries will be female . look at this spring 's honor role listings . last year , 78% of honor role members in my community were female . schools are fails boys - not girls . if you wish to waste your time on a politically correct diatribe that is full of anecdotal and subjective pap , then get this book . if you want to really improve the quality of education , there are thousands of reads better than this 
books neg 313.txt i will not try to say that i asserted the painstaking , analytic effort that some would argue is necessary for an appreciation of heidegger . more than that , i have no interest in doing so . it is largely agreed by the majority of his readers that this book deals with the question of being ( existence ) , and my reading did n't lead me to any other conclusions . so as i said i have no interest in reading this a second time , further , deeper , or slower . being and time is chock full of invented terminology , to the extent that michael inwood was able to profit from his publication of a heidegger dictionary . whatever you might think the word " world " means , for instance , is not what heidegger means , and he will explain that to you throughout the duration of an agonizing 40 pages or so . this is the case with his entire vocabulary . if there was any need for all of the inventions and distinctions made by heidegger , i would not bring this up as a crticism . beyond the unventilated , severely sober , and utterly uninspiring character of being in time , i also call attention to the futility of it 's project . if heidegger was right about the historical neglect toward the question of being , perhaps more than 2000 years of historical peoples have been aware of something that eluded him : that there is no question of being . why is " the question of being " so problematic ? because it is unanswerable , maybe . or if it is answerable , we 're not in any position to answer it . " being " implies some kind of unvarying stability that just does n't make sense . and if you posit an idea that is so concrete , so constant , you ca n't just bend it to make it fit reality . you 've already betrayed your questioning . truth , including the truth of being , is a local phenomenon . truth is not always and forever true - it 's true when it 's true . but heidegger wanted an everlasting truth , a dogmatic anthropology . worse than the general uselessness of his project , and the toxic dregs left in his wake , heidegger is guilty of not even presenting his ideas in an intersting or thought-provoking way 
books neg 48.txt the worst book i 've read ( actually , i was listening to the audiobook ) . the characters are completely unbelievable and the book is so repetetive that i found myself yelling at the tape player , " i know , i know already " . i could n't stand the torture anymore , i did n't even finish it . i have enjoyed some of ds 's earlier work , but will not buy another 
books neg 921.txt two of us read this book and we were both disappointed . characters are depressing and annoying . the storyline is predictable . we both loved john 's two last books but fiction is not his forte . i would not recommend this book to anyone 
books neg 975.txt i really feel stupid about ordering this book . why did i do it ? . the story is that stacey is moving back to new york 
books neg 731.txt i love fairy tales ! i was so excited to see the author of beauty had another retelling . spindles end has me very confused . i am plugging through it and hope when i am done with it a second time i can give it more stars . i would not recommend it for younger readers 
books neg 902.txt mark furman cab be a brilliant detective but he is not a medical examiner . this is the same guy who almost imediately solved the oj murder case while at the same time being shown to be a racist by his previous interview . one big plus and one big minus resulting in a not guilty verdict . mark has been shown to be a liability in anything involving ethics . he can add nothing to the terry schiavo story . 
books neg 629.txt i love mysteries set in ww ii and like old time radio so i could n't wait to begin this one . the " hero " is a junior varsity tom joad but , ok , i was game . the cast of characters that seemed to number in the low 80s and be interchangable " baddies " and " goodies " . they were hard to keep track of without a scorecard but there is no quit in this reader and i pushed on . then when we got to the jersey shore , i found out that in 1942 with america fighting for it 's life against fascism , and losing , our hero knew why . all the servicemen were bullies ( a drafted station employee ) or morons ( the coast guard beach patrol ) . the 4f " hero " was the real mccoy however . although not actually mentioned i bet he wished that dratted ear injury had n't kept him from joining the abraham lincoln brigade . he was moderate enought to think marxism had some problems ; the murder of 10s of millions of ukrainians and the nazi-ussr pact probably and i say probably , did n't elude our observant literary genius . he was also a 1975 era feminist ; all those plucky ww ii women throwing off the handcuffs chaining them naked to the kitchen sink had his unhesitating support . most big businessmen , probably wearing spats and silk high hats , were the bad guys needless to say . i wondered how someone could write such a truly awful book . i could n't finish it and it 's a point of honor for me to finish all books . then in the bio it all became clear . the author was a flack for former congresswoman pat schroeder of colorado . i 'm still haunted by her rictus grin and constipated , quaker schoolmarm expression that said " somebody , somewhere is having fun and i want it to stop now ! ! ! " anyone who could stand to work for pat could write this book with ease 
books neg 315.txt i bought this book this weekend as we 're doing the pre-five in a row w / our preschooler and i do n't much like it . i 've got a mother w / borderline personality disorder and who does n't observe personal boundaries of other 's what-so-ever ( if i need a break away , she hunts down my poor husband , all my relatives and friends - ugh ) and so this book just kind of made my stomach turn as i could see her reading this to me and justifying her ' stalker mom ' mentality . in the end , i think if a person is from a semi-normal household w / proper respect for a child 's boundaries and need for space away from their parents , then this book is okay . i just find some moms are too smoothering - even ones w / o personality disorders - and this book does n't send a message about love as much as ' i own you' . i like ' mama do you love me ? ' better for explaining to a child a parent 's unconditional love . ' good-night moon ' by margaret wise brown , however , is by far my children 's all time favorite book . i was reading that one to them ineutero and still every night before they go to bed . they love it and so do we as parents . but this one even creeped my hubby out and he 's from a fairly ' normal ' family . take it w / a grain of salt 
books neg 404.txt i read this short novel because i greatly admired shaara 's pulitzer prize winning " killer angels , " and because i 'm a baseball fan . the novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher . it 's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot . the characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories . the feel or atmosphere just is n't quite there . any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away , flaws that distract and damage the work . shaara sets most of the novel in yankee stadium with the hawks playing the yankees . why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear . the hawks apparently are from atlanta , but an atlanta team , braves or hawks , whichever , would not be playing the yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season . finally , when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game , he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in yankee stadium- -not on the mound on the field . this book was published posthumously and mr. shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose- -prose that was excellent in " killer angels . " it 's unfortunate . there are glimmers of interest in the book , but not enough to recommend it to baseball fans or fans of the author 's other book 
books neg 111.txt there 's no need to be wordy . 1. biochemistry is a natural science 2. natural science is defined as the " the rational study of the universe via rules or laws of natural order " 3. intelligent design implies a ) extraterrestrial design- - unlikely , although possible b ) some nonphysical entity 4. if b , we are no longer in the realm of science even if behe or proponent of id feel darwinian evolution to be inadequate , for an alternative proposal to be called scientific , it must be " based on observable , empirical , measurable evidence , and subject to laws of reasoning " . this is basic scientic method . i learned it in middle school . behe perhaps needs to be retaught . source : wikipedia [... 
books neg 364.txt so this page-turning thriller was on the best-selling list for a gazillion months and put catholic and fellow christian faithful in a defensive uproar . i 'm fairly well read and , yes , i 've earned a few bucks with my prose . i 'm also a sucker for historic tales , ancient folklore , mythology and old testament characters who lived for 800 years and begat like rabbits . ok , i decided , now that it 's in paperback , i 'll give it a read . what i concluded was this : those who found the da vinci code an affront to their faith could have could have ended the argument before it reached the level of theological debate by countering that brown 's work is a literary steaming pile . i read page after page , waiting for the moment when i would start to give a rat 's ass about the da vinci code 's protagonists . what a bunch of twits . langdon is a leading authority in the obscure field of symbology ( i do n't know if i spelled that right , but i 'm not about to go back in that book and check it ) . apparently , there are enough people in the world who crave more symbology that langdon 's books sell better than brown 's , entitling him to the academia equivalent of rock start status . sophie is effectively portrayed as a cuddly french chick who 's easy on the eyes - - someone a man might make a hit on before the first 300 pages if he was n't a dipwad like landgon . she 's got some inner deamons that make her interesting enough , but she 's been isolated from folks like you and me in a cradle of artsy culture so high-falluting most french probably could n't tolerate it . and then they hook up with that insufferable aristocratic british snob teabing . from cradle to some approptiately haught estate near ( but , of course ) versaille , this memeber of the royal lucky sperm club has never had to lift a finger to earn buck or a pound or a euro . so he 's been free to pursue his fascination with bigfoot rumors about how the priory of sion , opus dei and those cool holy grail knights from the third indiana jones movie have contrived through the centuries to keep the lid on damning evidence that jesus made a baby girl and god had originally intended women to be in charge of everything . or something like that . oh , i forgot , teabing 's crippled so i should feel bad about talking bad about him . anyway , this trio of prententious intellectual clods sit around do what pretentious intellectual clods do - - make lofty , self-affirmed pronouncments about how the world 's going to turn upside down when this cat gets out of the bag . the point is that these characters are n't very approachable and brown does little to convince me that this secret will destroy christian faith as we know it . hell , it 's been more than 100 years since darwin presented pretty clear evidence for evolution , yet the christian faithtul still pack churches around world . but back to how bad this book is . trite does n't begin to describe some of the wincing turns of phrase . i would give you some examples but , like i said , i 'm not going back in there . one of the more laughable scenes of upper-crust idiocy occurs when langdon and sophie meet up with teabing in his metrosexual parlor . by now , sophie and langdon have somehow eluded the grasp of professional killers several times , been on the run and are exhausted . with a straight face , brown describes how sophie 's delirium is sated by a spot of tea and her hunger is satisfied by.. . crumpets . yes , crumpets . hell , teabing , shut up about your conspiracy theories , roust your beligernet butler and have him fix these people something to eat . offer langdon a stiff drink . i sure needed one at this point . by now i 'm pulling for the albino . then they escape the jaws of death yet again and , naturally , high-tail it to england on teabing 's private jet . i hoped maybe teabow would turn back upon discovering he 'd left his grey poupon behind . i stopped reading it about 30 pages later when it became clear that the albino was n't going to get a chance to wack any of these intrepid protagonists . i do n't know how it ends . i do n't care . however , there were plenty enough nuggets of research on the subject to entice me into watching a few nice documentaries laying out this whole conspiracy on the history channel and discovery . who knows ? you might like it . this is just my opinion 
books neg 881.txt does n't this author know that peanuts are notoriously high in omega-6 fatty acids ? how can you base a book on a high omega-6 food when we already have 20 times more omega-6 than we are supposed to ? this is yet another fad diet book- -are n't we tired of these yet 
books neg 822.txt this is a difficult book for beginner-level spanish language students . i kept it b / c i understand that it is one they use at the immersion course i will be taking soon in mexico . probably will not use it before that or subsequent 
books neg 592.txt the best out of three guide books i looked at , and a must for the first trip to the big island . 
books neg 684.txt first off anyone who gave this book five stars was employed by the publisher to up the rating that simple . i mean look at some of them they are so cheesy one of them actually refers to the author as mr. miller who is he brown nosing for sounds like a greeting card they are so " textbooky " and insincere . the book itself is almost entirely filler on how to read music ( which half the music books in borders are or they are just giant scale books that are reemed out like saw dust totally useless , which leads to the great difficulty on how to actually find an explantion to this jargon and then someone comes along and says they have an answer that will make things clear but then they fall short ) up until half the the book and many times periodically things are just repeated terminology loosely defined such as hook which is just recording industry jargon not theory . book never goes into the physical principals that would actually explain some things in it as to why the notes themselves are in the order they are such as acoustics , never got an answer as to what a whole step or a half step was by the way and when i asked many teachers and questioned them they knew nothing or gave a circular answer defining it themselves without an outside reference only to find that they were just parroting it all along . the problems with this is everything is assumed in the entire field . i recommend the only book that i have found that made some sense to me called fractals in music by charles madden much more organized and assembles things from the very beginning working into more and more complex shapes and structures . 
books neg 449.txt the title of this book should be " photoshop finishing borders " dave devotes too much time and effort giving tips on framing and giving borders to your images . there are a few other tips i was happy to see , however i have to give this one a definite thumbs down . i still love you dave . ( i want my money back ! 
books neg 922.txt if you are interested in cheap tricks rather than substance , this is the book for you . there is no easy way to learn japanese . there are easier ways , but no easy ways . where is the beef ? not here 
books neg 402.txt i was intrigued by his & quot ; the end of history . &quot ; i thought his & quot ; trust&quot ; was a brilliant book and used it extensively in my masters thesis and doctoral dissertation . i only hope this latest book is a disruption in an ongoing chain of good books . in the end , & quot ; the great disruption&quot ; is a down right silly book . it has a lot of usefull data but fukuyama 's humanistic ideology clouds it all . all his empirical data and any real understanding of history undermine his polly-anna conclusion : that things just have to get better because people are ultimately good . fukuyama proves that the moral consensus - - the social capital - - of the earlier era has been wiped away . that crime has sky-rocketed and that the apparent drops in recent crime rates are only the result of high incarceration rates and lower percentages of younger men . then he turns around and wants us to believe that disfunctional behaviour has dropped because people are naturally gregarious and have a natural inclination to rebuild social capital . he does n't bother to deal with societies - - like ethiopia - - that have never been able to build up enough social capital . he does n't really look any further back in history past about 1950. his generalizations about the 19th century merely show how little he has taken into account the big picture of history . he thinks ( based on his ideology of human goodness ) that things just have to get better . if he had studied pitirim sorokin for a really big picture of history , he would know better . people can come to a similar optimistic conclusion as does fukuyama but they will need to be much better grounded in history if they are going to make generalizations about long-term historical cycles . for that , i would recommend robert w . fogel 's & quot ; the fourth great awakening and the future of egalitarianism . &quot ; fogel , a nobel prize winner , has all the optimism of fukuyama but with the history to back it up 
books neg 56.txt if you are a christian , this book is n't for you . it is full of blashphemy , concluding that we must " ... forgive god " and that we must love god " ... even if he isnt perfect " . kusher even has the will to say that " ...god would not be god.. . " without our love for him . at one point he reduces god to an aminal saying that in the garden of eden , when god said " ...let us make man in our image " he was speking to animals and creation . kusher explains that god created the world , and in the next paragraph that we came by evolution . since when was god in need of forgiveness ? isnt it that " ... god so loved the world " and it wasnt us that loved god ? i have no words in describing this book . it is full of error , because it does not base it self on the gospel of jesus christ . all this book does is frees you from the thought that you are a sinner , and that it isnt your fault , and that actully you are a good person . why do bad things happen to good people ? wrong question . there are no good people in the world in the first place . " for all have sinned and come short of the glory of god.. . " the world is in sin . the world does not have good people ! ! only by the grace of god , through faith in jesus christ you are made righteous . i beg you in the name of jesus christ to stay away from this book . it hasnt helped 4 million people , but it lied to them . kusher , please turn from your ways and come to jesus , then will you understand the life question " why " 
books neg 181.txt for the most part , these people whom the author thought are prominent jews are either ignoramuses as regards to judaism and our heritage ( especially the 2 supreme court justices , who probably never heard of the concept of tzeddek ) or are not even jewish at all . a waste of time 
books neg 304.txt i ca n't give this book more than two stars , and that 's being generous . mr. hall does present some interesting ideas , but unfortunately , his editors have done him a huge disservice . here are the first three sentences of stage i , on page 23 ; essentially what we have now- -nanoscale science and technology- -including the ability to image at the atomic scale with scanning probe microscopes , and a very limited ability to manipulate , that is , by pushing things around with the same scanning probes . a scanning probe is essentially like feeling something with a stick . because you have a computer behind it , you can touch it in a very close grid of points and produce a picture . i made it through the first fifty pages , and it did n't get any better . i do n't know if mr. hall had a final read before publication , or not , but someone should have stopped this book from being published until it was properly edited . 
books neg 724.txt i love " the number one detective agency " series , and hoped for the same writing quality in this collection of folk tales . unfortunately there was no narrative flow , making the stories stilted and un-interesting . maybe a narrative explaining the lessons would have helped . i suggest this book only for those interested in collecting african fable 
books neg 273.txt i 'll put my opinion first , so there wo n't be any doubt in your mind . i do n't believe that you can write useful books about national character . is there really such a thing as & quot ; national character&quot ; ? people are just too different , too unpredictable . how well can you predict the behavior of the people closest to you ? how well can you predict what people in your own country will do ? would every italian , if they could write well , have written the same book as mr. barzini ? i seriously doubt it . so what we have in the italians is one man 's views on the conglomerate nature of 50 million italians . after reading it , i felt even more strongly that such books , though possibly entertaining , are a waste of time . an informative book about unicorns- -but do they exist ? anthropologists have been concerned , for many years , in getting the & quot ; inside view&quot ; - -the view of a culture as seen by the person within it . while barzini is indisputable italian , he tries to visualize italians as seen by foreign visitors , then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there , why they are as visitors see them , or why they are not as foreigners may think . this is not a successful gambit . cultures are based on many general factors- -like history , socio-economic patterns , religion , family , etc.- --but the specific results are just that , specific . barzini covers many topics- -the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of something rather than actually having that quality ; the family vs. the state ; italian modes of achieving success ; the north-south split ; sicily and the mafia ; and last , the tragedy of italy 's long domination by foreigners . but nothing really connects . there are only superficial , scattered impressions , nothing very concrete to grasp . the reader is left with a handful of stereotypes . barzini is at his best when describing the lives and modus operandi of particular characters in italian history . these sections were well-written and interesting . but his portrayal of italian & quot ; character&quot ; is fuzzy , contradictory , and ultimately , unconvincing . finally , if you are a lover of lists , you will thrill to this book , because there is a list on nearly every single page . myself , i got pretty tired of those lists . if you want to know something useful about italy , read another book . if you just want entertainment , which might support any stereotypes you have about italians , then this book could be for you 
books neg 216.txt hugh farnham is a blue-collar survivalist who likes to play bridge . his college-age daughter karen , her friend barbara , his lawyer son duke , his alcoholic wife grace , and house servant joe are playing cards at his house the night the bombs hit . everyone scrambles to safety inside hugh 's modern bomb shelter . as the bombs fall and his wife is passed out , hugh starts up an affair with his daughter 's friend barbara , right in the shelter . as if hugh 's shallowness and arrogance was n't enough to turn you against the protagonist , this nauseating little scene will . when the shakes and quakes finally end , the family pours from the shelter to find themselves in an impossible , pristine , clean world . at first glance , it looks like utopia , but then as they settle into a rustic lifestyle they are suddenly set upon by an advanced race , imprisoned , and brought into a vastly different culture as slaves . somehow , hugh needs to find a way to break free of the civilization they are trapped in , so that he can be free with barbara . of all the apocalypse fiction , this book is the worst . the protagonist is so lowbrow , so arrogant , so unlikable , so self-centered , so shallow , so immoral that he simply cannot capture any interest . he 's not even a " love to hate " person . the dialogue is flatly emotionless and yet irritatingly flippant , and barbara and hugh 's constant prattlings of " darling , dear , and beloved " do not fit the characters . neither does hugh 's occasional spouting of words like " shall " and " sha n't " along with racial diatribes that include heavy use of the " n " word . there is little emotion from these one-dimensional characters even though they face the death of hugh 's daughter and barbara 's friend karen , cannibalism , castration ( hugh cared more about his " boys " than he did his real children ) , pedophilia , racism , and $exual slavery , they show no more feeling than they would biting into a doughnut . the entire plot-over-plot had a contrived and vapid feeling to it , as if the author himself did n't quite believe his story . and if he does n't believe , how can he expect the reader to ? overall , there is no depth or flavor in this story at all , other than the ugly aftertaste of a musty trailer park visit in the dusty twilight , as old men drink cheap stinking whiskey and the wind blows over the city dump next door . i recommend avoiding this book . 
books neg 887.txt having so much enjoyed the first two volumnes in this series , i was not prepared for this turgid list of self improvement . yes clive is well read , english and italian , yes he does know the difference between a donatello and a michelangelo , but do we need to know every book he read in the two years , every painting he saw and how it moved him . the simple answer is no . unfortunately it takes 250 pages to find out . the story of how a drunken extemely funny youth becomes a sober mildly funny old pseud 
books neg 501.txt there is only one 100% whole grain bread recipe in this book . most of them are less than 50% whole grain . if you want healthy bread recipes try " breadtime " by cheney or " the laurel 's kitchen bread book " by robertson . every recipe in both of those books is 100% whole grain . i doubt that most people considering a book titled " whole grain breads.. . " are looking for recipes that contain just a small portion of whole grain ingredients . with that being said i thought the book had some good recipes and was well written . therefore , i am willing to give it 2 stars as opposed to none . 
books neg 878.txt this book places too much emphasis on spending money instead of eating...well if we all had money to burn that would be a wonderful lifestyle . read " the fat fallacy " instead , it provides much more practical information 
books neg 978.txt & quot ; our attention is the most precious resource we have , & quot ; says shenk . well...i 'm not sure everyone would agree . but this is the way he would like to slice the whole matter of information technology , the media , etc. , etc. , and that 's fine . shenk 's standpoint is amazingly isolated and will make sense only to an elite ensconced in the same high fallutin ' mix of punditry / technology / leisure time he is . information overload , or & quot ; data smog&quot ; as the author terms it , is certainly a relevant and important area to explore , but shenk , in is privileged world , really ca n't nail down what might be so detrimental about it . his examples illustrate just how removed his is from the vast majority of american society : minute-by-minute news reports diluting the quality of info and the ability to sort it , not feeling so apt to respond to your friends ' email because you get too much , the end of patience ? as he represents it in & quot ; the end of patience , & quot ; data smog really ai n't no big woop- -it 's just some tacks on the erogomic seats of a pampered minority into which shenk seems to fit . where 's the politics , i wonder ? how does this trivia fit into the lives of middle americans or working people ? to the point , shenk might benefit from a step or two away from his computer . rubbing shoulders with the common folk might hip him to serious problems like acne or monday night football 
books neg 163.txt that so many people gave this book five stars really concerns me . luckily , i bought this book used , otherwise i might be kicking myself for paying full price . between her utterly uninspired " devotional dances " to things such as sex , wisdom , and the " sticky one " ( a term she made up for the astral body ) , and her constant blabber about masturbation and rubbing your juices all over everything to " anoint " it , i was unimpressed , to say the least . however , driving on a trip a friend and i got a lot of laughs out of flipping through this book . it 's very , very amusing if you do n't take it seriously . the thing that makes me sad is that she 's just using her sexuality to sell a feel good waste of paper with absolutely no depth . there 's nothing evolutionary about it , unless you consider being a wanton , idiotic freak " evolutionary " . if this is what humanity is evolving into , i am frightend 
books neg 545.txt i wanted to like this book but was very disappointed that all it included was a mish mash of vanity fair articles from 1990-2002 with follow up paragraphs that appear to be right out of people magazine 
books neg 169.txt there 's a ton of paper in this book , overboard , in my opinion . wading through the pages in search of a hike is downright laborious . i 've taken quite a few of the sierra hikes and the information has n't been detailed enough to really give me a feel for what to expect on the trail . they miscalculated the mileage and sometimes the elevation . i think it would be a better book if they chopped out half of the listings and concentrated on the truly best hikes in california 
books neg 285.txt look , the fact is feminism is about choice no more , no less . i have the highest respect for stay at home moms- -it is the hardest darn job on earth . but this woman is way off base to say that feminism sold us a lie . feminism gave us a choice . it told us we did not have to pretend to believe we were june cleaver if that was not what was in our hearts and souls . personally , i could not have children and only feminists have not made me feel like an alien species . i work with troubled teens , my skills do not go to waste , i spoil my nieces and nephews- -i am fulfilled and happy . my sister is a stay at home mom with three beautiful boys , she is fulfilled and happy , feminism gave us those choices , ladies . we were not " sold " anything , we were given much by the women who burned their bras before us . if you feel belittled by staying home with your children and doing the world 's most important job , i think that is your issue and not now's . stop blaming feminism for your insecurities , if you are feminist- -stop blaming your mother for your insecurities- -you have choices because of feminism not despite it ! 
books neg 776.txt myths are important , but they should not be labeled history . 1. george washington was not a great guerilla leader ; he commanded conventional forces who fought in lines- -just like the redcoats . washington thought militia and irregulars were undisciplined and unable to face regular troops . 2. ronald reagan did not begin the nuclear " disarming " of the soviet union . eisenhower and kennedy tried , but ( lbj ? ) nixon and carter were able to bring the abm treaty , the salt treaties and he start treaties to a point where both sides began cutting back their nuclear arsenals . reagan did have success with theater wrapons in europe , but the " big nukes " that could end civilization were already being cut back . this is an interesting book about reagan and peggy noonan , but some of the history cited is wrong 
books neg 579.txt i was the commander of my highschools afjrotc rocket club so my godfather bought em this book it is very informative but if you are just building basic este kits then this is way to advanced for you as it was for me and the other cadets in the club but if you are really into rockets this book is for yo 
books neg 999.txt i was barely able to finish this book . armstrong makes fun of vampires and witches , etc. by dragging in all the cheesy pop culture references she can think of . this made it very hard for me to take her characters seriously . i might have been able to swallow the idea of cabals ( giant glitzy corporations run by sorcerors ; it 's unclear why they do n't just take over the world and have done ) , but armstrong really lost me during the 20-page extended send-up of anne rice 's vampires . this genre is rapidly sinking into self-referentialism , and armstrong is the worst culprit . in industrial magic , she ruins what could have been a perfectly good story with these unfunny namechecks and rebuttals to writers who are actually better than she is . on top of that , the viewpoint character , paige , is unfortunately named : she 's as flat and boring as the pages she 's written on . her central relationship is with her boyfriend , lucas , but their coupleship seems to revolve around the trading of sexual favors . are we supposed to think this is cute and funny ? take-home project for armstrong : next time , try putting some genuine emotion into your work 
books neg 257.txt casual book browsers who stumble across braden 's book , " the isaiah effect , " might undoubtedly be drawn to the implications of the title : that there exists some mystical , unifying code which is only now being fully understood through modern techniques , research , and understanding . i , as one such browser , had briefly read about the so-called " bible code " which computers have now enabled man to explore and thought that the subject of this book might be related . with my interest piqued at the title and the book description , i delved into the pages expecting to learn exactly what encompassed isaiah 's " precise instructions " of prayer . i wanted to know exactly what braden claimed to have stumbled upon . what i found in this 250 page foray into countless subjects was nothing other than a pastiche of new-thought concepts . the mixing of religions , for example - a sort of pick-and-choose spirituality which has slowly been creeping its way into the mainstream for decades - is recycled over and over again , drawing from endless sources of gnostic gospels and other lost books . in only one chapter does braden actually begin to describe in detail verses from the book of isaiah . instead he relegates the books of the essenes to positions of higher authority and prominence . in the brief pages in which braden actually does discuss isaiah , his conclusions speak nothing of a decoded lost science . his basic premise of " the effect " is that people can alter their futures by the choices they make in the present . such a revelation is not a new interpretation of isaiah at all . any student of the bible and christianity knows that all the prophetic books of the old testament are records of god warning israel , and the world , of turning away from him . to braden 's credit , his discussions of the effects of prayer in today 's society are commemorable , albeit somewhat misguided . i agree with him that people in today 's society need to turn away from the petty details of life with which they 've surrounded themselves . however , i believe braden over-emphasizes the role of feelings and emotion in prayer . he fails to discuss how humans , and their emotions , are extremly fallable and can change as quickly as the winds in his anecdotes . braden wants desperately to believe that the true power of prayer is to be found in all the lost science which he has uncovered in ancient texts . in the process he fails to recognize that the blueprint for prayer has been known to man ever since he was created . humbleness before god and the filling of the holy spirit are the true keys to prayer - not cosmic emotions and human feelings . a disappointing read 
books neg 416.txt i 've heard this book on tape , which , poor writing aside , is more horrifying to actually hear o'reilly read in his own voice . the gratuitous sex ( which can only be appreciated if you also enjoy harrassing others with phone sex and falafels ) is enough to turn anyone off , but that voice narrating the suggestive scenes is waaaay too much to endure . a sad , sad example of narcissism at it 's very worst 
books neg 53.txt i have no idea how this book has received the ratings it has so far . i am a lead software verification engineer and am a perl programmer ( for 10 years now ) and found this book a complete waste of time and money . it has zero new ideas . the book tells you how to write standard tests for perl ( this could have been accomplished in 2 pages ) . i love the format of the book . please look elswhere if you wanna learn about perl or testing or perl testing 
books neg 721.txt what a chore this book was to read . if it were n't for my ocd about finishing books that i start , i would 've read the first couple of chapters and then given up . it seems like a wannabe-suspense , but it 's not . it seems like there might be a love story in it , but there 's not . it feels like there might be a creepy angle in it , but there is not . what i can gather about this book is that the author thinks she 's going to connect all these people with different circumstances and perspectives together by one tragedy . she tries to make a connection , but falls way short . read vinegar hill - that one was worth it . pass midnight champagne by 
books neg 210.txt murky : in his book , 1984 , orwell described a contrived language he called " newspeak " , designed to render politically incorrect ideas inexpressible . but before orwell there were russell and whitehead , who contrived a symbolic logic that distorts ideas they deemed philosophically incorrect by combining logical quantification with expression of existence . as whitehead wrote in his " foreword " to quine 's ph.d . dissertation titled a system of logic : logic shapes metaphysical thought . thus in his " on universals " quine argued that in the russellian logic realism must be expressed by quantifying over predicates so they reference universals as " entities " . and he co-authored with goodman " steps toward a constructive nominalism " , a nominalist manifesto , in which all philosophers are classified as either nominalists or " platonists " depending on whether or not predicates are quantified so they reference entities . i believe that anyone who says that universals are " referenced " or who uses the phrase " abstract entities " fully deserves to be labeled a platonist . but loux uses the rhetoric from the russellian nominalist newspeak . in the " search inside this book " screens at this amazon web site the reader will find him reporting ( p . 20 ) that realists say universals are shared " entities " and are " referents " of predicates . i ask loux : what happened to signification ? the symbolic logician alonzo church recognized sense ( i.e. signification ) as well as denotation ( i.e. reference ) in the functional ( i.e. predicate ) calculus . i ask loux : what happened to supposition , which distinguishes reference from signification ? in his book titled meaning and necessity rudolf carnap explicitly affirms that intensions ( i.e. significations ) may be said to be objective without invoking any hypostatization ( i.e. reference ) , and are indifferent to either concrete or abstract objects . i ask loux : since the demise of logical positivism does the russellian predicate calculus have any applications in philosophy or anywhere else ? is loux trying to appear contemporary with the russellian rhetoric ? i see murky writing . muddled : loux is sympathetic to aristotle and unsympathetic to quine , the pragmatic realist , who rejects first philosophies with their prejudicial ontological criteria for scientific criticism , and who affirms ontological relativity in which ontological commitment is subordinated to empirical testing . ontological relativity started as an analogy : quine relativized ontology as einstein relativized time . einstein posited relativistic time as real time instead of newton 's absolute time , and he rejected lorentz 's making relativistic time apparent time . likewise heisenberg invoked this einstein precedent for his own realistic copenhagen interpretation of quantum theory 's positing of duality and indeterminacy . today physicists describe reality in terms of superposition , nonlocality and calabi-yau spaces in eleven dimensions . quine generalized beyond physics to our global web of beliefs . realism is a natural , primordial , irrepressible prejudice motivated by disappointments in our beliefs including falsifications of our scientific theories . on the other hand ontology is anything but natural or primordial . it is an elaborately complex linguistic artifact that evolves and that has a cultural history . it is reality as cognitively captured by the artifactual semantics of language expressing our accepted general beliefs including our tested and currently nonfalsified scientific theories . but in notre dame journal of formal logic and in this book loux rejects ontological relativity , and he calls philosophies using ontological relativity " anti-realism " . in fact ontological relativity and relativized semantics do not oppose realism , but rather they enable it in this age of scientific change . i do not find this book contemporary . loux 's " realism - anti-realism " locution is a false dichotomy . i see muddled thinking . marginalized : while a student i found notre dame 's philosophy faculty unsympathetic to contemporary pragmatism and its scientific realism . when i left their graduate school of philosophy i took with me the opinion that their academic culture is a marginalized backwater preferring to protect the past rather than forge the future with new thinking . i see in this book a textbook in notre dame metaphysics for notre dame philosophy students . readers who are cognizant of the influence of modern science on philosophy - notably how quantum theory occasioned the emergence and ascendancy of contemporary pragmatism - are likely to be more critical of this book than other reviewers at this amazon site . thomas j . hicke 
books neg 443.txt the stationery is cute and colorful , but the pages are very cluttered . while the envelopes have spaces to write addresses and put return labels , the pages are too colorful and bold . a ballpoint or ink pen does n't look good on the paper . 
books neg 431.txt ms howard is usually a dependable author but she really let her readers down with this one . it 's ok to expect a reader to suspend disbelief every now & again but one would have to have a frontal lobotomy to buy what she is selling in this one . so disappointing , especially after her wonderful & hilarious " to die for . " the trees ( for paper ) that gave up their lives for this book die for nothing this time . 
books neg 134.txt eugene o'neill 's play " long day 's journey into night " is a pulitzer award winning , autobiographical play about his family . i must admit that though eugene o'neill is considered by some to be the father of american theater , i did not enjoy reading this play . the tyrone family 's insane dysfunction with their constant bickering and apologizing was very annoying and frustrating to read . i also disliked the fact that after four acts of continuous yelling and tension o'neill offered no conclusion . the day in the life of the tyrone family gets progressively worse until it finally peaks and the play just ends . no happy ending , no hope for the future , just despair . " long day 's journey into night " is a wholly depressing read that i really could have done without . however , after learning more about eugene o'neill 's background , and the extent to which the play is based on his life , i began to have a greater appreciation for this play . o'neill did lead a very hard life , therefore the frustration and despair i felt while reading this play demonstrates o'neill 's talent to engage his audience and to convey the emotions of the characters in a very real manner . while o'neill 's depressing end did not satisfy my craving for a happy ending , it was appropriate for the play as eugene 's own family never got a happy ending . i did like the clever way o'neill showed the tyrone family 's desire but inability to forget their troubles through the dialogue . at the beginning of the play the audience is presented with a normal , loving family . the audience soon however , gets the suspicion that something is n't quite right , and that the family is tense . slowly the family 's skeletons are exposed through arguments between the family members , but the characters always feel regretful for bringing the subject up . thus showing that no matter how hard the tyrone family tries to pretend that all is well , their skeletons are always with them and resurface to continually remind them of the truth . although i still believe " long day 's journey into night " to be thoroughly disheartening to read , the reader 's emotional response to this play leaves no doubt to o'neill 's exceptional writing . 
books neg 525.txt i purchased this commentary for an in-depth study that i was doing on wednesday evenings . i carefully checked a bunch of commentaries on amazon , hoping to find the one that would help me with insights that i could share in the study . unfortunately , this volume has n't lived up to my hopes . i did n't need something that would offer the obvious points ( i can do that myself ) . i was hoping for something that would offer insights into some of the more difficult and confusing passages , including thoughts on how those passages apply to our lives today . i 've been disappointed . i am now well into the study and rarely even check the book anymore as i 'm gathering information . i was between this one and the carson commentary . obviously , i think i made the wrong decision . ( not that there 's anything theologically wrong in the text - it 's just not what i was hoping for . 
books neg 371.txt i read bill bryson 's " a walk in the woods " and laughed hysterically at many parts of the book , and through the rest was either duly entertained or pleasantly educated ( for the " educated " aspect , bill interlaces the book with fascinating factual tangents ) . i started into " in a sunburned country " with similar expectations , and especially since i have always longed and planned to visit australia . to state that i was disappointed is a severe understatement . after reading this book i now have little to no desire to visit the " land down under ; " my only hope is that i will completely forget what i read in bryson 's book so that i may one day look forward to and enjoy visiting australia . ( senility be merciful and consume me hastily ! ) my best estimate is that bryson was commissioned to write a ~350 page book about australia . during and / or after his trip , his creative sense must have taken a vacation of its own . i have rarely struggled so much to get through a book as i did with this one . bryson even stooped so low as to use an urban legend as a " story " relayed second-hand from one of the australians he " met . " such a stunt makes me question if any of his accounts are real in any of his books . the only saving grace to this book was the educational tangents . these , at least , provided for some interesting reading . after comparing notes with another person who ventured to read another of bryson 's books ( " i 'm a stranger here myself " ) after she read " a walk in the woods , " it would appear that " in a sunburned country " is not the only snore-fest that bryson has churned out . perhaps he is n't a " one hit wonder , " but i for one am not going to waste my time or money finding out . so , if you are looking for the same caliber of writing that bryson provided in " a walk in the woods , " look to another author or prepare to be greatly disappointed . 
books neg 630.txt many words - few practical tips ! this book did not give much more ( -valuable - ) information than i already had found out by reading the manual delivered with my pocket computer . after reading the book i still had to search for web communities , where some of my questions could be answered . my expectations when buying the book were mainly focused on the need for practical hints concerning how to manage tasks , contacts and appointments . unfortunately , in my view , these important and basic issues were treated too superficially . 
books neg 147.txt this book is unfortunately not up to par for kay hooper . her normal suspense is missing and you would have to be psychic to know who the murderer is ( there is n't a single clue at any point in time ) . the heroine keeps loosing her memory , so you do n't even have the usual good characterizations of hero & heroine ( since she ca n't even remember much about herself , much less him ) . if you like kay go ahead and read it , but i hope the next one is back up to her usual high standard 
books neg 767.txt i will not lash out against anyone , and i will not use specific names of individuals or organizations that replace the search for truth with a situationist relativism based on vainglorious , ostentatious egotism . that said , let me merely point out that the absence of necessary historiographical context makes jesus of nathareth 's solutions extremely difficult to accept . first off , it does n't do us much good to become angry and wave our arms and shout about the evils of jesus 's morals in general terms . if we want other people to agree with us and join forces with us , then we must provide a trenchant analysis of jesus 's codices . the key point here is that jesus 's older analects were deluded enough . his latest ones are undoubtedly beyond the pale . jesus 's peuplade appears to be growing in number . i indisputably pray that this is analogous to the flare-up of a candle just before extinction yet i keep reminding myself that jesus has found a way to avoid compliance with government regulations , circumvent any further litigation , and violate his pledge not to condemn innocent people to death - - all by trumping up a phony emergency . his desire to control your bank account , your employment , your personal safety , and your mind is the chief sign that he 's a slaphappy caitiff . ( the second sign is that jesus feels obliged to force me to undergo " treatment " to cure my " problem " . ) perhaps i 'm reading too much into jesus 's ravings , but they do n't seem to serve any purpose other than to destroy the natural beauty of our parks and forests . jesus 's prcis are pyrrhonism cloaked in the rhetoric of truculent , noxious feudalism . that 's pretty transparent . what 's not so transparent is the answer to the following question : does jesus 's oversized ego demand that he condone illegal activities ? a clue might be that every time he tries , jesus gets increasingly successful in his attempts to have a serious destabilizing effect on our institutions . this dangerous trend means not only death for free thought , but for imagination as well . jesus 's eccentricity is surpassed only by his vanity . and his vanity is surpassed only by his empty theorizing . ( remember his theory that the cure for evil is more evil ? ) jesus of nathareth has an agenda - - a political , social , and cultural agenda . and that 's all i have to say . 
books neg 808.txt i have read other books by alesia holliday and enjoyed them so i looked forward to reading this book . unfortunately , i could not get any farther than the first 25 pages . i even tried diving in further into the book to see if it got better and i still could not read more than 5 pages without turning away . the best i can do to pin down why i dislike it so much is to say that it tries too hard . no character seems to even approach reality . they are all , including the main character and her love interest , over the top 
books neg 876.txt i originally had to read this book for a history of rock and roll class at the university of cincinatti . i found the subject interesting , and the professor gave wonderful lectures . i had good expectations about this book going in , but those quickly soured as i read it . it seems correct , at least , about the social problems of the different eras and their relation to rock . not that such is a particularly daunting feet . however , it is rife with laughable fallacies . for instance , it calls david bowie , amongst other glam rock bands of the era , metal . it futher goes on to call many pop bands of the 60s and 70s rock , when they have no guitar work and no bass line at all , such as the carpenters . i really had a good laugh when they called bad religion hardcore . bad religion is about as hardcore as elvis is rap . further massive genre confusion consisted throughout the entire book . i also noted several drastic misinterpretations of songs . for instance , it claims ' thunder rolls ' by garth brooks is about domestic violence . its about infedility , not focusing on violence at all , but rather the emotional ramificationsof being cheated on . the writing is also rather dry . many times it is merely a citing of the names of band members as well as constantly describing minor changes in bands lineups which are of no true consequence . it also tends to list off songs which have no impact on any giving band 's successes or failures . after reading the book in completetion , i really had to question the earlier passages about older rock and blues ( 50s to 60s ) that i had thought were true . in the end , i felt that it wasted my time and money and possibly misinformed me more than anything 
books neg 844.txt i really wanted to like this book and the beginning started out great . a shocking murder is committed in the town of newpointe , then another . meanwhile , fireman mark branning has moved out and is separated from his wife allie . there is a serial killer targeting the wives of firemen and allie and mark must fight through their struggles for the sake of their marriage . i wanted to like this book because it is a christian novel with a good purpose . ninety percent of the books i 've read have been secular but i 'm starting to read more christian novels . but to me , this book fails for three reasons : the marriage conflict between mark and allie is n't believable , the serial killer plot collapses under its own weight , and the spiritual message is confusing and disappointing . mark and allie 's marriage is suffering because she thinks he had an affair and he has n't convinced her otherwise . seeing your husband hugging another woman is not proof of adultery , but it is grounds for suspicion . yet , allie assumes mark is cheating on her because she witnessed him hugging another woman . it seems to me the truth would be discovered in the resulting fight . instead , mark and allie separate and allie sees no hope for her marriage because of that hug and what she assumes was an affair . blackstock does a poor job of framing the conflict between mark and allie . throughout the book , references are made to allie believing mark had an affair with issie . allie refers to mark 's act as " adultery " and recalls him " lying " his way out of it after allie caught him hugging issie . their marriage is struggling , but blackstock should have given more reasons why allie assumed adultery other than a hug because throughout the book , mark says he did n't have an affair and allie chalks it up to one of his lies . later in the novel , blackstock gives more reason for their conflict but by then its too late . the serial killer story is poorly done , and it also seems everybody knows everybody in this book . when they book a suspect at the end , it seems ridiculous . the police work feels like it was written by an amateur . one line in the novel , " as much as the evidence pointed to xxx , stan did n't want to believe it . " in my opinion , the evidence did n't point to that person and stan , the detective , seems foolish for believing it . there is n't any rhythm or flow to the police work or the serial killer in the story . there is no sense of setting in the book . there are too many characters that no each other yet little context in how they know each other . finally , this book talks about god and prayer and being " saved " throughout the book , and that 's great . with a serial killer on the loose , a lot of bad things are happening and the characters react to this in a bad way . at one point , a conversation goes like this : " how can the murder be part of god 's plan ? " " maybe it is n't " " that would mean god is n't in control . " " he is in control , but he allows some things to happen . " then at another point , mark says to allie , " i 'm going to be fine , it 's time to trust the lord . he 's taken care of us so far . " then allie says : " but i do n't know what his plan is . i do n't know how he wants this to end . i do n't know what he wants to teach us . " at other points in the book , characters say that god has a plan and maybe the serial killer is part of god 's plan and that through god 's plan , all things can be used for good . this line of logic is infuriating . bad things happen to everyone , including god 's people . god does n't " allow " a serial killer to shoot and burn your wife . that 's a horrible message to send to a non-christian who may have lost someone in a car wreck . telling them it was part of god 's plan is the quickest way to turn someone from god . god is obviously there for people when something bad happens to help them through it and to find the good in it and god can even keep bad things from happening to christians . but like above , where allie was afraid because she thought god might have chosen to have her killed to teach a lesson , god does n't willfully kill people . it comes down to the simple fact that all people , including serial killers and christians , have choices to make and have free will . i 'm surprised i wrote so much on an 8 year old book but i wanted it to be a good book . 
books neg 541.txt crudely written . a negative hero deserves better and wharton has written some fine books . sadly , not this one . 
books neg 791.txt having recently graduated with a ba in english , i am forever doomed to read such so-called " truth texts " with what could only be called an eye for detail ; does the author site her sources ? credentials ? any sort of solid evidence as to why i , as her reader , should believe a word of what she says ? the answer is , simply , no . ms. cumbey quotes other texts by other zealotous fundamentalists , to be sure . however , the credentials of these people remain a mystery . anyone can write a book , and anyone with enough money can get it published . had i the funds , i could write a " revealing , riveting best seller " on the nature of human genomes and cloning and my opinions of the matter ; throw in a few quotes by people who may or may not sound like they know what they 're talking about , and there you go . the point is , my knowledge of such topics is sorely limited , as is ms. cumbey 's research . yet somehow a book that would never earn a passing grade in a collegiate literature course for lack of research and depth of understanding is littering our shelves . well , i 'm baffled 
books neg 202.txt will somebody please tell me what the appeal is ? yes , i know it 's a classic . but it 's a really , really boring classic . the prequel to charlotte bronte 's , jane eyre , is the story of bertha mason 's childhood whose literary conceit is to tell us why bertha went nuts . it 's also a didactic dinosaur relic of the 1960s that traces the source of her madness to the fact that they did n't like little french girls in jamaica . racism , sexism , and classism drove bertha ` round the bend . there . i 've saved you the trouble of reading it . now re-read jane eyre instead 
books neg 22.txt why in the world would anyone publish a writer 's bread and butter notes to his agent ? besides the money , i mean . there are a couple or three interesting fulminations against this publisher or that editor , whom heinlein feels did him dirty . but in the main this body of correspondence is of zero interest to any but the most complete worshipers of the sf master . just enjoy the stories , and nevermind the workaday business of how they got published 
books neg 753.txt surely there 's more to chinese youth culture than descriptions of affairs with tall western men . being a fan of pearl buck 's books on china , i was looking for more contemporary accounts of chinese culture . but this book was so dissapointing.a " goodlooking " shangaiese woman gives vacuous details of her affair with a tall german man . while her doped impotent chinese boyfriend simple wastes away ( why was he even in the story ? ) the writing is totaly lacking in any kind of talent . " i was willing to assume her glow was due to her romance than her shiseido face cream ... " . need i say more ? if you want to read an account of a totally self absorbed woman infatuted with caucasian men , indulging in meaningless affairs , which probably boosts her self esteem , read this . but there 's nothing worthy about china or chinese culture in this . 
books neg 126.txt having been a fan of antonia fraser for many years , i highly anticipated her biography of queen marie-antoinette , but have been very disappointed in that she often chooses the sensational over the factual . she depicts marie-antoinette 's mother empress maria theresa as heartless and calculating for sending her daughter to france at age 14 to get married , but arranged marriages were the norm ; the empress was not doing anything out of the ordinary . what startled me most is that fraser not only insists on antoinette having an affair with count axel von fersen , of which there is little concrete evidence , but goes onto maintain that axel used condoms to keep the queen from getting pregnant . it seems to me that marie-antoinette loved children so much ; she came from a family of sixteen where children were valued and her more liberal sister caroline went on to have eleven children or more . she was also a devout catholic and using such devices were unthinkable , unless one was a prostitute or dealing with prostitutes . in this case fraser is applying the morals of some british aristocratic ladies to a queen of france . if marie-antoinette had been caught in adultery , it would have been considered treason ; she would have been sent to a convent and had her children taken away from her . with all of her enemies at court , that was not a risk she would have taken , if she had been so inclined . on a smaller scale , fraser makes ridiculous assertions about marie-antoinette dyeing her hair - in all the pictures that i have seen of her , her hair looks grey from either powder or premature age ; i have never read any first hand accounts of her dyeing it . not that that is a big deal ; but it makes me wonder where lady fraser 's life ends and where marie-antoinette 's life begins . i found it offensive that at the end fraser interprets marie-antoinette 's death as some kind of sacrifice for the cause of democracy , when she believed in monarchy and wanted her little son to be king . especially , since marie-antoinette 's murder was followed not by democracy but by dictatorships and napoleon crowning himslf emperor . sadly , there is a lacuna of decent biographies of the queen in the english language . one can only hope that the works of bertieres , chalon , and delorme will soon be translated and published in english . fraser 's book does have some interesting details ( aside from those which flow from her imagination ) and it is much more sympathetic to the queen than lever 's travesty 
books neg 300.txt american pastoral was repetitious to the nth degree . i read the human stain a few years ago , and it was good . but , in pastoral , the reader is put through a zillion permutations of possible dialogs between the swede and a psychoanalyst , and between his daughter merry and a psychoanalyst , but absent the psychoanalyst : roth is our psychoanalyst . what he misses , however , is that we simply have to realize that interpersonal dynamics are sometimes beyond our control . the swede never failed as a father ; rather , he failed because he could n't let go of his sense of responsibility for her 
books neg 287.txt i was a philosophy major in college and i hated this book . but then again , the whole nambla fic genre really does n't do it for me . i 'm sure some literary aesthetes are going to pick this review apart , good for them . i 'm incredibly well-read and thought this one was just a tepid bore . save your time , read some dostoevsky , some dickens , some milton , ( ... ) 
books neg 906.txt this book does cover alot of information not needed for clep , but it does give you a great guideline on who and what to study for clep and good examples on what questions will look like for the actual clep . i wanted to ensure i was prepared for the clep , so i purchased this book and disregarded the other 2 comments . although , they were right about the obscurity , this book still taught me alot . you do n't necessarily need it , but if you want to be prepared , this book will not hurt your bank account that much . i also recommend the complete itiots guide to american literature ( 5 stars , check out the reviews ) , and the internet . that is all you need 
books neg 337.txt i 'm on page 110 of this book . the book has 220 pages . i 'm half way done and the author has not as of yet given me 1 valuable peace of information to help me forgive the person i am angry with . i bought this book because i have a lot of anger in me and the preface and reviews from other well know authors sold me on it with the belief that this book would help me . but , it is having the opposite affect . i feel i was duped into buying it ( because of the promises in the introduction and the glowing reviews ) . part 1 tells us what a " grievance " is . it tells us , and tells us again , and again , and again . the thing is i already know what a grievance is ! i know i 'm angry at someone , and i know it 's not healthy , i know to forgive would help me... . i did n't need that to be explained to me over and over again for 59 pages . all that reading did was make me dwell and think more about the problem and increased my anger because of the book itself . when i reached " part 2 " , entitles " forgiveness " i thought finally... . but all part 2 has done is repeat what is in part 1 and what is in the introduction - how great the study was and how much it will help me . there are some great reviews of this book here at amazon and if this book helped some people that is great . but so far i ca n't agree with any of the positive comments . i have a great degree of respect for stanford university , i went to high school across the street from stanford and have taken classes there , but it pains me to have such a great school 's name attached to this book . is it fair of me to write a review of a book i have not finished ? no.. . but i 'm afraid to continue reading it . i 'm already angry and to buy a book that i thought would help me , only to find it frustrating me , i do n't feel is not all that fair either..... . 
books neg 14.txt i echo the comments of the previous reviewers . do n't waste your money . not only does this book present a tedious repetition of facts and stories already well known to even a casual u2 fan , it ca n't even get those facts right ! the book states that bono 's father dropped the family off at a catholic church before driving himself to another church . this contradicts the correct statement on the preceding page that bob hewson was catholic , while bono , his mother and brother were protestant . in the same paragraph the dublin neighborhood of " glasnevin " is misspelled " asnevin " . the hearing aid shop from which bono took his name is misspelled , and perhaps most galling of all , the author ca n't even get the full name of larry mullen , jr. right ! and this is just chapter one ! i have to agree that this book was simply thrown together to make a quick buck and therefore not worth purchasing . i would suggest skipping this one and purchasing bono : in conversation with michka assayas , which includes a pretty good account of bono 's life from the man himself . 
books neg 948.txt i purchased this book at walmart , which rarely carries books regarding shambala or any other eastern ideology . it was cheap and on the clearance rack . i should have know better . when i realized this was part three in a series i decided to read the first two books , the celestine prophecy and the tenth insight in order to be able to better appreciate the third one . after borrowing and reading the first two , i realized what a sham this series truly is . first , i realize they are supposed to be fictional . however , when a work of fiction attempts to use historical background for its premise , the author should first do his homework and make sure the historical facts are completely accurate . additionally , when usurping a mythical name such as shambala , one should know what the actual mythology entails , instead of making up one 's own notion of what is involed . shambala is not the same as shangri-la . shangri-la was a fictional community in a book written in early 20th century western culture . shambala is an ancient eastern mythical kingdom that is in no way similar to the fictional place in redfield 's imagination . also , beware of writers who combine religions and mythologies . as joseph campbell said many times in his lectures and books , they all contain the truth as seen by different cultures , but they must never be mixed together . it just does n't work 
books neg 207.txt this book made me feel like i was being patronized . they said the same thing over and over . i wish i had n't bought it 
books neg 551.txt it was difficult to stay " tuned-in " to this book . a few good ideas , but nothing new or different . it is not a book that i would recommend , however , i might try to listen again - - just to see if i missed the point . i certainly would not give this book as a gift 
books neg 397.txt f this self-help industry crap . quasi-astrological poppycock at its worst . i can tell this book clamps on to the mind and squeezes it to death merely by reading the cliched title . humans are far more complex than the hack man-warrior / female-maiden title what's -his-name gives them . and remember , this " doctor , " is quietly making mucho mucho bucks off your poor purchase . your goddamned ancestors never needed a book to run their lives , so why do you ? let 's push all the life coaches off cliffs and put the self-help industry to the torch . that 's a great start to a sane life 
books neg 509.txt i enjoyed the parts regarding the s.s. valiant , but the later part of the book simply did n't work for me . except for picard , who we of course know quite well from the series , the other characters were flat and uninteresting . we never find out what is motivating the alien attackers and they are the cardboard cutout enemy-of-the-week , boring . the whole & quot ; adversarial&quot ; situation with the 1st officer also just struck me as odd and wrong , and was just not developed correctly or fleshed out beyond being another cardboard enemy for picard 
books neg 864.txt i got to page 26 and gave up . lockes writings lack focus and are void of humour . i read as much as i could with patience until it became clear this book was simply someone rambling on about nothing . save your money for something worth reading 
books neg 936.txt this book does n't make any sense . it is so , so , so b-o-r-i-n-g . the book is not well written , and the sentences are way too short . i woud n't recommand this book to anyone 
books neg 861.txt what to write ? the book is kinda story book , and gives passages after passages . if you are looking for a book that gives exercises to develop your psychic power , this one 's not for you 
books neg 49.txt was not impressed . narrow scoped , personal reflections , applications limited . i also read the male companion book wild at heart and was also not impressed 
books neg 322.txt the author had a great idea , but he cherry-picked the available info about superman and the writers to get the book to make sense . for example , superman was originally written as a metaphor for jews during ww2. two jewish guys , right at the end of ww2 , write a story of a man that has to leave his homeworld b / c it 's destroyed.. . etc , etc. i 'm not critiscizing this book b / c it has a religious message . i 'm critiscizing it b / c the author clearly left out clear facts that work against his arguement . otherwise , i disagree with anybody that says it is " just a comic . " superman has often reflected the current values and attitudes of a large swath of america 
books neg 895.txt more than human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas . the writing is often compared to that of faulkner but i would n't make that connection having read a few of faulkner 's works . sturgeon uses many of faulkner 's narrative trademarks ( i.e. streaming conscious , first person perspective of low iq individuals , disorienting changes in first person narrative ) but i did n't feel the net effect really compared to say something like as i lay dying . i love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously . this results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books . more than human is slow , dated and not what i would describe as genre transcending nor would i recommend it to others . so the idea might of been original in the 50 's but topics like telekenesis , esp , computer-brain babies , and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before ( asimov ) and since . this book rarely set off that wow ! button in my head or kept me turning pages . this book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best . in 1953 there were 5 hugo award nominees for best science fiction book ( determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004 ) the retro hugo awards are fascinating because the voting ( in this example ) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society ca n't really be ignored . besides more than human , the far superior the caves of steel , childhood 's end , and farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi . needless to say , more than human did not win ( farenheit 451 did and rightfully so ) bottom line : i wanted to like this book and it does n't surprise me that others give it such high praise . these are probably people that do n't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests 
books neg 828.txt this book does n't even deserve a star . i just fell upon it , on a bookshelf with loads of old books in my house . i 'm nearly 17 years old , and perhaps this book is the kind that you appreciate as you get older , but honestly , i do n't see myself enjoying this book even in 20 years.. . i 've read so many reviews raving about how ' poetic , sensual , wonderful ' it is and what a talent the person is...sorry i do n't see it ! anyone can write a bunch of sex stories . i did n't see anything poetic in the writing...it was plain . as for sensual and arousing ? hardly . it was crude , and vulgar . it was sex , sex , sex.. . and presented harshly , with none of the sensuality , the sweetness , the gentle pleasure one likes to associate with sex.. . it was boring , repetitive , and i 'll admit disturbing . what was the point of the story where the hungarian whatever forced himself on his adolescent children ? or the raped little boy ? it was just weird . there 's just the sex , and no development of any points she may be trying to make . it 's kind of just left there...unfinished.. . unsatisfying . frankly , it was so distasteful ( vulgar ) , i was shocked . and i 'm not religious , puritan , conservative or any such thing...quite the opposite , i have an open mind . but this book left me cold 
books neg 131.txt this is a tough review to write because i felt the authors made a good effort in the writing of the book and explanations of the spring framework . writing a book is no small feat , and technical books are a special beast . with that last statement in mind , this is were the book sadly falls short . for one , the source code available online is a significant rewrite of the books ' code . the authors explain ( on the publisher site ) that this is because they learned better ways and techniques to implement the samlpe application after the book went to print . while improvement is always good , this presents two problems . 1. the sample application is now out of sync with the material . not a good thing for those trying to learn , as you require more effort to study in tandem with the book . also , and this is not to disparage the authors skill , but i buy books because i am expecting experienced , if not expert advice . if a small , sample application needs rewriting , perhaps they should write about something else ? further down this road , the sample application has errors that prevent it from compiling . i suspect that the final build file was not tested , or it was a case of " well , it compiles on my machine " . there were several dependencies that required changes to the build file so it could be compiled . thankfully , i use eclipse and imported the project . eclipse immediately informed me of missing dependencies , which i resolved by getting those jars on the build path and in the build file so they would be deployed in the war archive . examples are : jakarta-commons / collections , and several core spring jars relating to dao and database access . for an experienced developer , familiar with ant and a good ide , it was not a lot of trouble to get it running , it just did not give me a good impression . bonus info for anyone switching the database out to postgresql : first , no matter what db you swap in , you 'll need to change a few hard coded references in the build file . i made property variables which i placed in build.properties . then you will need to change the class user to something else ( and of course anything in the app that references it . ) . another great reason to use eclipse . why you must change it , is user is a reserved keyword in postgresql and you will get databases errors because you ca n't name a table user 
books neg 99.txt less a view from afar or broad exposure of solitude from the human condition , this book more aptly excerpts the author 's personal conflicts with human relationships.....a one-on-one wrestling match with the self with no spectators and no judges . the book is a good read for academic analysis , but not so fun for venturist philosophy 
books neg 980.txt some photographers think what 's erotic is what 's hidden and left to the imagination . two thirds of the pictures in this book are fig leafed with shadows or clothing , leaving plenty to the imagination . think of playboy magazine in the 1950 's or vogue or madamoselle magazine today . many of these are stylistic , but not very erotic . one in three of the photos in the book are erotic , not afraid of nudity . do n't make the investment in this book if you want high level eroticism . instead get " shaven angels " , " natural beauties " , " 100 naked girls " , or " crazy , sexy girls " . 
books neg 885.txt this is basically a commercial pitch for dr. murad 's spas and products . unless you are planning on buying his regime , he gives very , very scant information about how you could accomplish the program using other , less expensive products . do n't expect an easy how-to giving you day by day advice of supplements and skin care . it 's not here . i decided to buy this based on other 's good reviews . now i 'm thinking that they were written by employees . i was very disappointed 
books neg 472.txt alright , for those of you who say rand is criticizing works for false ideals , or lacking in substance , i say this : who is rand to say what the absolute greatest ideals are ? who is rand to say what substance is ? you 've got to look at her bias , first . realize that rand never takes into account anything not related to personal freedom . as if outside factors never matter ; and maybe they do n't , for her . maybe her life in an oppressive russia did nothing to form who she is today . but i doubt it . though i believe personal choice plays a huge factor in determining who we are and how we live , outside influences do affect a person . but she doesn't . thus she condemns all works that are not driven solely by the individual as crap . all books that are not driven solely by the individual 's sense of reason : do n't read , cause it will lessen your iq . any work that portrays or is driven by an emotion she does n't find worthwhile or cannot understand , she condemns . rand , at least as portrayed in what i 've read of her work , is unfeeling toward anything but what she wants . and this is carried over into this book in what she criticizes . they cannot hold a little or a fairly large amount of quality , they are either good or worthless . the pieces of art she says are empty are empty , absolutely . they do n't fit into her paradigm thus have nothing to offer . nothing to offer her , that is . how is a completely selfish person supposed to write a critique of history 's best books , telling other people ( with different wants and ideas and all the other funtions of an individual ) what they should read ? truthfully any criticism in this form , like a list i saw detailing the 100 best literary works in the world , is elitist crap trying to close people 's minds toward books that a certain group deems lesser than others . they have their bias like anyone else . i say read in variety . observe art outside of rand 's choice of art . take in all you can , with an open mind , then start pondering whether you agree or not . if you then agree because you agree , then i say great . its the basic individualistic response that rand seems to forget to address . she says question society , but by my line of inquiry . she says be an individual , but only i know the basis of who you want to be 
books neg 686.txt this book looks like it was written by someone who works in their own garage as a hobby . there is no real technical data in this book- - no hint of professionalism . the photos are black and white and most of the time they do n't really show what the book is talking about . there are no torque specs . little detail or warnings on how things are done . with the quality of this book , you 're better off saving the $30 and pulling the jeep apart yourself to see how it works 
books neg 882.txt i am a jew living in a college town in mississippi for the past 5 years . i was born & raised in the north . i think evans should rename his book " fiddler on the roof in the south " . his book is a very nostalgic look back at jewish history - as it was in the past here . it 's very much : the southern jews were all so happy , they all fit in and were accepted , etc. he does cite a few instances where they had problems - but these usually involved us ' yankee jews ' , like the instances when a few ( yankee ) rabbis in the south fought for civil rights . evans should realize that times have really changed here ! the evangelical christians in my town ( which is most people here ) harrass me like crazy - ' i am praying for you ! ' ' have you read the words of jesus , who was a jew like you ? ' ' when will you come to my church' . blah , blah , blah . thank god for the minority of catholics , methodists , presbyterians and a few others who live here . they are the only ones to accept me for the way i am , and the way i will stay - a jew . i want all who are reading this to realize that i am only speaking for my experience . jews who reside in cities in the south have told me that they have had far better experiences , and that they cannot relate to what i am saying . but i do want to ask evans a few questions : 1 ) if things are so great for the jews in the south : why have you lived in new york for decades now ? ? ? 2 ) why do n't you at least write either a new forward to the book , a magazine article , etc. , contrasting some of the ways in which the lives of jews in the south have changed over time ( for some of us at least ) , primarily due to the rise of the evangelical christians ? i read evans ' books before i moved here , and nothing much he describes in his books is my life here . for a jew who really cares about her / his religion living here is depressing ; it is practically jew-less ; and , at best , the majority of a certain denomination of christians here ignore me . ( by the way , i am planning to move to a city ! ) by the way , do n't bother writing to me to tell me that i am " wrong " , or to invite me to things like the bible study at your church . believe me , with all the praying for me that is going on in this town , and all the myriad attempts to convert me , if it has n't happened by now , as they say in these parts , it just ai n't gonna happen 
books neg 325.txt robert allen 's previous book , multiple streams of income , is excellent and i ca n't say enough good things about it . this one was a major disappointment in comparison . he talks about the same rehashed internet marketing strategies that everyone else does . creating email lists , newsletters , blah , blah , blah.. . the most disappointing thing about robert allen - - and i lost so much respect for him over this - - is that he demonstrates how to get a bunch of people to order his product within minutes of putting out an email blast . what 's stupid about the whole thing , and demonstrates that he 's a snakeoil salesman scam artist , is that what he 's selling by email is a course on how to make money on the internet...so how do you make money on the internet ? according to robert allen , by selling courses showing people how to make money on the internet is the only way to make money on the internet . that 's a scam ! how does he sleep at night ? do n't buy this book . it 's a waste of money 
books neg 983.txt i ordered this for a friend , thinking it was the same bruce fisher book i bought when i divorced . it is only the workbook and really needs a workshop ( or maybe just a book ) to go with it . it was a total waste of money and not what i expected when i ordered . make sure you are ordering the book , not the workbook , when you order 
books neg 37.txt this story is very dark , full of menace and dark thoughts . not great for kids . ok for adults if that 's what you like . a hard story , not much gentleness in it except for a couple of moments 
books neg 580.txt this is the latest in a never-ending series of books trying to generalize non-business world ( eg. sports , armed forces , girl scouts , religion , nasa , etc. ) management techniques to the business world . most , possibly all , are of little value because of major differences . 1 ) members constituting the varying organizations are motivated differently , and face greatly significantly different situations . what does eg. a fighter pilot or football coach have in common with a pharmicist , nurse , professor , financial analyst , etc. ? i have no idea . 2 ) key success factors vary from one business to another . for merck , it may be speed of developing new drugs , getting through fda approval , and motivating physicians to use them . for nucor steel , it undoubtedly rests much more on low-cost production . again , what does either have to do with fighter pilots - little , if anything . one is better off reading books from similar situations - eg. about wal-mart ( if you are in retailing ) , about allied-signal or g.e. ( if you are managing a conglomerate ) , and about new york community school district #4 , as managed by sy fliegel , if you are in public school 
books neg 480.txt what is remarkable about this onetime best-selling book - - which could well be described as a coming-of-age-without-coming-of-age novel - - is not that fitzgerald produced it when he was all of 24. nope , the amazing thing here is that the same writer produced " the great gatsby " a mere five years later . " this side of paradise " is a mess : it is as uneven , affected , feebly pretentious and relentlessly immature as its hero , the tiresomely self-conscious young minnesotan-gone-to-princeton amory blaine . ( one suspects , in fact , that had fitzgerald abandoned his muddled third-person narrative altogether and rendered the work instead as amory 's diary the result would have been considerably more readable - - or the book 's structural and methodological flaws considerably more forgivable , at least . ) that the novel was a roaring success upon publication in 1920 - - it was to prove the most popular book , in terms of sales , ever produced by its author - - presumably speaks to the public 's recognition of something new and revealing in it . okay , amory blaine may well have been the original jazz age prototype ; and the drinking and shameless smooching ( etc. ) that he and his prep school and princeton friends indulge in at various points in the novel were probably , one can accept , a revelation to see in print ( and likely a titillating one ) for an american audience raised on mcguffy 's readers - - and ready for some sort of great departure after the great war . welp , here it comes : " on the triangle trip amory had come into constant contact with that great current american phenomenon , the ` petting party . ' none of the victorian mothers-and most of the mothers were victorian-had any idea how casually their daughters were accustomed to be kissed . " to the reader at a remove of some 80-plus years this is , of course , very small beer . what was alarming frankness in 1920 tends to read now , in the best cases of the paradise narrative , as unalarming quaintness . while this is not exactly fitzgerald 's " fault " , so to speak , it is also true that the use of " shocking revelations " of this type - - scandals specific to a place and time - - represents a risk a writer takes : the march of history may or may not reveal something lasting and / or universal in such episodes . in any event , the price the reader pays here , in slogging through the meandering narrative which surrounds amory 's adventures in quaintness during the nascent roaring twenties , is very , very high for payoffs of such modest proportions . i mean , come on : " for years afterward when amory thought of eleanor he seemed still to hear the wind sobbing around him and sending little chills into the places beside his heart . the night when they rode up the slope and watched the cold moon float through the clouds , he lost a further part of him that nothing could restore ; and when he lost it he also lost the power of regretting it . eleanor was , say , the last time evil crept close to amory under the mask of beauty , the last weird mystery that held him with wild fascination and pounded his soul to flakes . " yikes . i do n't care what new generation you 're talking about , can a flake-pounded soul really represent much of an innovation to anybody ? ( can it represent anything to anybody ? ) there are things to like , even admire , here and there in paradise . fitzgerald gets off a few of the wonderfully epigrammatic lines that were to become a trademark ( e.g. , " they slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered . " " sometimes i wish i 'd been an englishman ; american life is so damned dumb and stupid and healthy . " " it 's better to leave the blustering and tremulo-heroism to the middle classes ; they do it so much better . " ) and the political incorrectness of some of the narrator 's observations is , in its now-curious way , refreshingly , bracingly funny : " slowly and inevitably , yet with a sudden surge at the last , while amory talked and dreamed [which is about all amory ever does-mht] , war rolled swiftly up the beach and washed the sands where princeton played . every night the gymnasium echoed as platoon after platoon swept over the floor and shuffled out the basketball markings . when amory went to washington the next weekend , he caught some of the spirit of crisis which changed to repulsion in the pullman car coming back , for the berths across from him were occupied by stinking aliens-greeks , he guessed , or russians . " nothing like a little wretched refuse to remind you there 's a war on , i always say . anyway , most of the novel consists of young amory 's elaborate ponderings - - romantic , philosophical and egotistical - - which are as forgivable as they are forgettable . i 've forgotten them already . at some level , in any case , fitzgerald himself had to recognize the ridiculousness of this pompous character - - who was , of course , a not-very-disguised version of himself . for how else , if not as commendably self-deprecating irony , are we to take this observation ? " amory was in full stride , confident , nervous , and jubilant . scurrying back to minneapolis to see a girl he had known as a child seemed the interesting and romantic thing to do , so without compunction he wired his mother not to expect him , and sat in the train and thought about himself for thirty-six hours . " in the end , in any event , one comes back to the initial fitzgerald vs. fitzgerald comparison with something like gaping wonder . in paradise almost nothing works : form , content , narrative stance , dialogue , character development , pacing - - you name it , it 's a problem . yet in gatsby , five years later , everything works - - everything . if there is to be a great american novel , it will have to supplant gatsby for the honor . while it is hard to see how fitzgerald got from point a to point b , the fact is that he did - - and without point a the journey could not have begun . so while " this side of paradise " hardly deserves a place in the national literary canon , it surely deserves our respect , and indeed our gratitude , for what it led to . 
books neg 345.txt i have read a bunch of poker books and play regularly . there are a lot of good books out there , dan harrington 's the very best , but this isnt one of them . too much ego here and not enough helpful information 
books neg 168.txt i respect the message of " the unexpected legacy of divorce " but it seems rather odd to call the ramifications of divorce " unexpected . " those of us who have been through the hell of divorce know full well the problems our children face as a result . staying together for the children is one of the most damaging concepts of all times . the author knows this and does present it in a way that eases my frustration a little bit . i know many people who have divorced and not one was due to not being ecstatically happy all the time . they fell apart due to abuse , infidelity , and just plain incompatibility . what i feel matters most for children is for them to feel loved and cared for by their parents . when you have two parents who both love and share in the lives of the kids , most hardly notice whether or not they live in the same house . when you have a parent who refuses to makes the children a priority , who constantly disappoints , hurts , and replaces the kids , there will be damage , no getting away from it . however , is it better for this type of parent to have daily access to the kids , seemingly with the other parent 's approval ? i hardly think so and will challenge anyone who differs in opinion . it is impossible for any of the children of divorce to know if their lives would have been better had their parents stayed married . this is a major flaw in the research . i did n't see any statistics for custody or parental involvement which makes a huge difference . i do n't think divorce is the answer for every marital problem but when it happens , you have a responsibility to make your children a priority and alleviate their fears . when you put your own personal interests ahead of the kid 's , whether it 's divorce or starting a new life afterward , kids will suffer . i do n't like ' studies ' like this , they 're misleading and potentially damaging . 
books neg 464.txt the topic of this book is very interesting : espionage in the revolutionary war . unfortunately , " washington 's spies " goes into so much nit-picking detail that , as the cliche goes , you ca n't see the forest for the trees . to really get anything out of this book , you 'd have to be a *very* dedicated revolutionary war buff . it did n't have much appeal at all to me as a general reader . 
books neg 234.txt i so do not understand all the rave reviews on this book . i read it recently for a book club selection , and let me tell you , if i did n't have to read it , i would have put it down after the first twenty pages , and never picked it up again . i found it to be dark , depraved , disgusting , and depressing ! an examination of love in all it forms ? hardly ! these characters were just plain goofy . i finally figured it out towards the end of the book , these characters were so miserable because they were lost spiritually . they were looking to other humans to provide them with true love , and that is just barking up the wrong tree . i am giving it one star only for the rich use of language 
books neg 192.txt i love dogs but if i had wanted to know the ins and outs of dog obedience training , including the different levels snd sub-levels , i would have bought a manual . i wanted a mystery with fully fleshed out characters and a plot that kept me guessing . i got neither . the characters were neither likeable nor substantive . except for the cop next door , i have no idea what they even look like or what , if anything , they care about besides dogs . the plot was predictable and the action stuck in first gear . maybe the series inmproves after this book . i 'm not taking that chance 
books neg 455.txt i purchased this took and then found that it was just a reprint from several decades ag 
books neg 683.txt " tourists are learning that the image of the terrible turk is false , created to a great degree by it unfriendly neighbors . turks are quick to remind visitors that , surrounded by syria , iraq , iran , armenia , georgia , bulgaria , and greece , they 're not living in mr. rogers ' neighborhood . " this is a direct quote . it sounds like they 're trying to say that the surrounding countries are painting an incorrect negative image of turkey . which is amusing , since he listed both greece and armenia there , which were both targeted by turkey . either this writing staff has no idea what they 're writing and is just happy to sell books , thinking no one will double check the info , or they 're racist and opinionated . either way , i would n't trust the info in here even as a rough guide on where to go . 
books neg 448.txt there were too many characters , disjointed plot threads , not much of a plot in the first place , and not much coverage of the overall march itself . it focused on many obscure and unimportant characters who were n't that compelling 
books neg 979.txt i only needed this for school a little while back . now i am marketing in hawaii at a resort and realizing this book taught me little to nothing . have fun with it if you please though 
books neg 820.txt i 've seen better high end audio books . i 'm certainly not a member of the aforementioned " scientific school of audio system performance analysis " , the only instruments that can accurately measure sound quality are the ones on either side of your head . i listen to what my ears tell me sounds good , and generally , tubes sound good . which is why this book is sort of a disappointment , you 'd think that out of 80 projects there 'd be at least one tube phono preamp , but unfortunately there are no tube amps , just a few rants about how tubes do n't produce enough power . who uses more than a watt anyway ? even the transistor amps presented are n't much better than what you could get from rex or circuit city , similar schematics could probably be found on the internet for free . go ahead and buy it if that 's the sort of thing you 're into , but if its tubes you want , try morgan jones ' " building valve amplifiers " , it does n't have many schematics but it covers in great detail the layout and contruction of tube amps . good schematics can be found on the intarnub 
books neg 294.txt very seldom do i give up on a book ; i gave up on this one after several attempts to finish . i have read barbara delinsky in the past and have enjoyed her books . i remember the fascination with the peyton place / grace metalious hoopla in the 50 's and 60 's so i was expecting to enjoy this story . it is dull and tiresome . 
books neg 172.txt at least this author mentions the " mockery " strategy martha / mdiddy tried to use to " fog " the public . the " real issue " of whether martha / mdiddy committed the crimes , and lack of an effort to encourage an answer to the question " did martha stewart " lie , demonstrates some complacency . is it this complacency martha / mdiddy and her pr team try to encourage and promote ? is it the " greyness " of white-collar crime that martha / mdiddy was trying to play on ? is society the ultimate judge about a person 's guilt or innocence ? if so , what has martha / mdiddy been judged ? be " thoughtful " ~shaw 
books neg 823.txt this book was written in the ' 80s was copy written in 1990. it has a folksy tone and some technical information . unless you are buying your church 's sound system at a second hand store , this book is going to leave you wondering what might be available today . for example : " cd recorders are under development " . 
books neg 507.txt reading through john irving 's " the cider house rules , " i found myself continuing to read mostly out of a desire to have the book over and done with and only partly out of a sense of curiosity . in obtaining a bachelor 's degree in english , i had to read a lot of books . among them were many books that i did not like , but never before had i read a book that was so completely devoid of subtlety . every single scene in the book feels as though it was specifically designed and manufactured by the author to move the plot along . people become pregnant , have abortions , and die with such terrible regularity that you can foresee it dozens of pages before it happens . this goes way beyond mere foreshadowing . the book does n't flow naturally , you can virtually see the author hiding in the shadows , playing the puppet master . there are just so many coincidences , so many old friends just happening to run into eachother , so many people becoming pregnant just at the exact time to make the story progress perfectly , all of the characters vaguely , distantly connected to eachother . i do n't want to spoil the plot , but suffice it to say that the plotline involving the eames ( rhymes with screams ) family is just too much coincidence to bear . it 's as though the author is god , and the characters completely lack free will . and then there 's the " protagonist , " homer wells . i put protagonist in quotations because despite being the center of the story , homer wells barely does anything in the story . he barely even speaks during the story . he is virtually a non-character , devoid of personality or will , around whom the other characters and events of the book revolve . the scenes that do not involve homer wells at all , and they make up the majority of the book , are without fail the most interesting scenes . i think that the real protagonist of the book is dr. larch , but even melony seems more real than homer does . the story is very long and rambling . subplots are begun and then abandoned and only mentioned in passing much later on . minor characters keep popping into the story , then disappearing , only to pop back into the story exactly when they 're needed . conflicts are either quickly and conveniently resolved or simply ignored and forgotten ( like the situation with debra pettigrew ) . after such a rambling , at times rather boring plot , the ending feels rather rushed . it is as though the author realized that he suddenly had to resolve everything , tie up every loose end , in the last 25 pages ( and tying up loose ends , in this case , means a lot of people conveniently dying ) . to spoil the plot just a little , homer wells , who has throughout the book been opposed to abortion because he feels that a fetus has a soul , suddenly and inexplicably and completely reverses on this opinion . i personally am pro-choice as well , but i found that homer 's sudden reversal was completely contrary to his character and caused the ending of the book to collapse into a bunch of nonsensical happily-ever-afters 
books neg 609.txt this novel could not hold my interest . i am an anne perry fan , but could not get into this book . i could n't really bond with any of the characters and the plot was uninteresting . i 'm really disappointed , because i was looking forward to a new series by her . joseph and matthew lost their parents to murder and joseph lost two close friends to murder , yet there did n't seem to be much emotion . maybe ms. perry tried to tell too many stories within one story . in reviewing the book , it 's hard to pin point exactly why i did n't like this book . i would skip this series and read the pitt series . 
books neg 652.txt good book on deal structure , but if you want a valuation number , check out & quot ; unlocking the value of your business&quot ; 
books neg 558.txt i received my ph.d . in theoretical and applied mechanics from one of the best u.s. universities , and for more than thirty years was teaching and researching in the field of solid mechanics . before starting the reading of this book , i was in the agreeable mood with the author 's that machines can never be human , and that ai will retain ( if not forever ) for a very long time its name - unreal . but , now , i am dismayed . the author unsuccessfully used 450 pages full of topics in mathematics and physics to support his point of view , making simple topics sound difficult , and making diffcult ones look impossibble . the inclusion of his strange tilings is strange . all in all , the book does not make sense . moreover , his ' note to the reader ' ( which is patronizing , arrogant and deceiving ) , and his prologue and epilogue ( which are at best cynical ) should have warned me not to venture any further . i cannot help feeling sorry for myself and for several other readers ; and most of all , if this is the author 's usual way of communicating his ideas , for his students . luckily , i did not buy this book ; for one person , who could not stand reading through it , dared me to finish his unfinished endeavor 
books neg 332.txt this is the worst novel that i have ever read by a major author . i have read a couple other alex cross novels and i did not find them to be awful at all . they were n't very good but they kept me turning the page . while i was reading this dreck i began to get a sense of patterson 's work ethic . he sets a goal for himself and does not stray from it . one maybe two chapters per day i suppose , and when his muse is on vacation for a couple of months this is the result . not a snowball 's chance in hell that this would have been published if it were n't written by patterson . i 'm done . do n't waste your time . really 
books neg 171.txt " the island of lost maps " is the story of a petty crook named gilbert bland who stole rare and irreplaceable maps in the ' 90s . posing as a researcher , bland would enter rare-book collections and slice old maps out of antique atlases with a single-edged razor . then he would sell the maps to unsuspecting - - or at least unquestioning - - dealers . before being busted at the peabody library at johns hopkins university in baltimore , he had stolen more than a half million dollars ' worth of maps . " island " is the first book for author miles harvey . in the book , he tries to pull together enough material on the crime and map collecting to create an appealing 350-page book . he is only partly successful . i found the material on bland 's crime fascinating . however , bland as a subject does not fill the entire 350 pages because his life is dull . unfortunately the author inflates incidents and descriptions to pad the text . i found myself skipping pages to get back to the crime . there is some interesting stuff about map engraving in the age of discovery and modern mapmaking . but as a true crime book , it over extends itself . it would be a more interesting book to read if it were shorter and more focused 
books neg 839.txt as a young woman i was appauled by gurian 's lack of respect for women as human beings.what makes me the most furious is his shadowy writing which can lead a young woman to think she is only worth something if she squishes herself to allow the boys and men to take the lead in life.the resounding message is girls and women are potentially inferior and cannot because of our hormones make important contributions to society beyond traditional roles.i do n't remember ever being taken over by hormones and rendered down to a emotional bundle of primative chemical reactions he believes all females to be . i agree with posters about this bridge brain foolishness.gurian is a master at twisting words around and you have to read his books being mindfull of his tricks.his book is full of agenda . 
books neg 162.txt although i have only read a few specific subjects in this book , i am only giving it 1 start because the information in the section on hyperemesis is extremely inaccurate and perpetuates outdated myths about this very serious and life-threatening disease . for anyone who has had hyperemesis gravidarum ( hg ) , reading that a spa day would be beneficial , is not only absurd , but also insulting . many women with hg cannot get to another room of the house without help , much less drive a car to a spa ! hg is a disease and not a psychological condition . women cannot stop the disease at will . this myth has resulted in a century of poor and sometimes abusive treatment of these afflicted women , causing excessive and unnecessary stress and misery , not to mention preventable complications during pregnancy and in their resulting children . some women have life-long effects . ( ... 
books neg 338.txt " the other boleyn girl " and " the queen 's fool " are two of the best books i 've ever read- -and i 've read a lot of books , especially about this period , which especially fascinates me . they were gripping to the end , and my involvement with the characters was complete- -true masterpieces . so whenever a new book by philippa gregory comes out , i buy it , hoping to have the same experience , and lately have been sorely disappointed . " the virgin 's lover " fell flat , and now i am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged , must give it up . one reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly- -that is always an easy guess , however it depends on the writer . anthony trollope , for instance , was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed . that may or may not be the case with gregory . i know , as a writer myself , that there are times when the work flows out , feeling almost as if it 's channeled from another source , and times when it 's harder , more mechanical . the more challenging situations are those when i 'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject . so to me , neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse . they feel forced , constructed . i 'm going back to trollope 
books neg 359.txt i picked this book up at my public library because i had put it on my reading list a while back when i saw that the president ( ! ) of the united states george bush read it while he was on vacation too . i went to my local cofee place and got a medium regular cofee flavored cofee but in a large cup ( so theres room for plenty of milk which i like and also you only get charged for a medium even though its in a large ) . anyway i am reading this book and it seems okay but then this guy with a laptop bumps into my chair where i have rested my cofee which is not at all my fault because thats why the chair has a little ledge there . so then this guy says he is sorry but that doesnt exactly unspil my cofee if you catch my meaning . and he offers to pay for a new cofee but it doesnt really matter its the principle of the thing . anyway then he leaves and i notice my copy of the book has cofee spilled on it not just my pants as i thought previously . so i 'm not about to read a book with cofee stains all over it so i take it back to the library . now here i have to point out that i had a little incident a couple weeks back with the librarian and long story short they lost a book about a fireman that i returned and made me pay for it but not without a fight . well you better believe that same librarian who yelled at me is watching me now whenever i go in there and she sees that cofee stain right off when i turn the book in . i explain that its still perfectly good and you can still read it and it wasnt even my fault and maybe they should get the $8.50 from the cofee house they made the cofee not me . but you can guess how this ended up . i am down another $8 dollars and change ( i paid the .50 cents in pennies i got from the place i keep pennies in the car which got me a cross look since i counted them out one by one but it was worth it ) . and i never finished the book since it was ruined . but ! i liked the parts i read " okay " and if the president likes it i guess it gets four stars only i made it two stars because i only read half . maybe i will read the second half later if that librarian retires and then i will come back and give this book it 's missing two stars if it ends well . lesson learned is life is not always fair but you " keep on keepin on " like they say 
books neg 559.txt i liked this book for its analysis of political phenomena . however , i found it weak on issues facing companies today in china or that the new business economy has created : there was little or no discussion of the institutional problems facing china in its transition . the journalistic background of the author also peeked through and some sections were too breathless for me . i disagree with the simplistic conclusion ( among others ) that water and pollution are the two major problems facing companies operating in china 
books neg 392.txt in his recently published history , the whiskey rebellion , william hogeland attempts create a revisionist history of the late eighteenth century whiskey rebellion in western pennsylvania . what hogeland accomplishes is less history and more diatribe in the vein of howard zinn . he has an axe to grind , and by the end alexander hamilton is the devil incarnate , and those who openly contemplated secession and committed acts of violence against property and people were just trying to bring the american revolution to its necessary conclusion . the accusation that hogeland comes back to again and again is that hamilton incited the rebellion . the argument is that because hamilton 's patently unfair whiskey tax was the impetus behind the frontiersmen 's resistance , and his unreasonableness in enforcing the tax and issuing writs for the arrest of those who refused to pay the tax caused the rebellion . the problem with hogeland 's argument is his scholarship , or lack there of . he almost never offers a direct quote , especially when accusing hamilton of malfeasance . instead , hogeland offers his summary of primary documents with nary a footnote . the reader is expected to accept on faith the author 's interpretation at face value with no way to check the facts except a ridiculously useless bibliographic essay at the end . not all of this is hogeland 's fault . the new trend in historical works intended for the popular market eschews scholarly footnoting , opting instead for endnotes that provide little more than an opportunity to name drop . even doris kearns goodwin , a legitimate scholar , is guilty of the succumbing to this new endnote craze . ultimately , this is the main problem with william hogeland : he is not a scholar . he is a magazine writer with an agenda , and no scholarly background to legitimize his preposterous conclusions . to read some radical agenda into the actions of the pennsylvania farmers is the very worst revisionist history , because there is no basis in reality . 
books neg 925.txt the only misstep so far in a wonderful series . i was so eager for the book , i got a copy of the british edition , before it got to the us . but i was disappointed . somehow this just just does n't get off the ground . could davis be tiring of falco ? it seems to me that she is . maybe it 's time to do something , lindsey ! make some real changes in tbe characters ' situations or kill them off . real dullness in the supporting cast and plot , and the main characters ( besides falso , who always has a life of his own ) pall 
books neg 113.txt a generation before there was a left behind , there was the late great planet earth by hal lindsey and c . c . carlson . this is the book that broke the dispensationalist view of the end times into the consciousness of america . a phemomenal best seller , it was a watershed event in the growing christian publishing industry . for many christians , their first reading of this book was an energizing event that shaped their future . a generation later , many of its former supporters now see in its pages a complete misreading of holy scripture , sensationalistic attempts to correspond biblical prophecies to current events , and an unhealthy enthusiasm for seeing the world obliterated . so why bother with what can easily be written off as paranoid millenarianism ? well , while many have outgrown its simplistic approach to world events , it still resounds for much of the church and this is shown in the continued audience for books by lindsey and other " prophecy pundits . " while it is certainly true that tim lahaye has replaced lindsey as the popular voice of dispensationalism , it cannot be denied that left behind was made possible by this book . part of the commercial success of both authors has to do with their placing the dispensationalist view in a popular book form . for lahaye and jerry b . jenkins , it was the pulp novel . back in 1970 , lindsay and c . c . carlson did the same with a popular genre of their day - the sensationalistic expose . like most books of this type ( e.g. , the bermuda triangle , chariots of the gods ? , the philadelphia experiment , the population bomb ) , it is written in a breezy soundbite style that is long on conjecture and short on facts . like most of these books , it was a peculiar period piece of american life at a time when the fabric of the nation seemed to be coming apart at the seams . like most of these books , it is laughable in retrospect . if the book were out of circulation and i were reviewing this for historical purposes , i would almost be tempted to give it a free pass as a kitschy period piece...sort of a fundamentalist lava lamp . the original was so over the top and written with such enthusiasm one could almost have forgiven the fact that the authors got everything wrong . after all , it was the 1970 's when wild conspiracy theories , distrust of any traditional authority , and predictions of impending disaster were all the rage . when viewed within a time frame that produced predictions of a soon to be ice age , a ufo invasion , a famine around the corner , and california falling into the pacific ocean , the authors ' claims of the coming armageddon look downright trendy . however , in the intervening years , the revisions of this book just kept piling up . make a bad prediction ? no problem , edit the book with the old gaffes removed , add a few trendier predictions , and release it as a new book . lindsey , now well into middle age and hurtling towards his golden years , still clings to the long discredited dispensationalist hypothesis ( carleton 's contribution is more stylistic ) despite his failed scenarios . lindsey 's original view was that the end times events would take place in the 1980s ( he even wrote a book the 1980's : countdown to armageddon trumpeting this belief ) . well that did n't pan out , so he then jumped on the y2k bandwagon ( another of his books was planet earth 2000 a.d. : will mankind survive ? ) . oops , wrong again . first communism was the main source of evil in the world but more recently it is islam ( a more recent book is the everlasting hatred : the roots of jihad ) . when one bogeyman falls , he is quick to insert a new one in its place . between the failed predictions , the hilarious misreadings of the original languages , the bizarre correlations between apocalyptic symbolism and modern military technology , and the hysterical pleading for contemporary events fulfilling the biblical prophecies " right before our eyes " , it is not surprising many of those energized by this book became convinced of the imminent end of all things . this trend continues to this day for the many followers of dispensationalist worldview as they are perpetuated in the many novels based on dispensationalist beliefs - notably the left behind series of novels . if you can find a copy of the original version from 1970 , it can be interesting in much the same way as a brady bunch episode - not for its merit but as an example of a particular moment in the consciousness of the fundamentalist subculture at a particular time . just as many catholics have vivid memories of nuns and the baltimore catechism , fundamentalists of that era will never forget this book and the movie a thief in the night . however , for the reedited version here presented as a guide to interpreting biblical prophecy , it is best to pass . for all its success as a cultural marker , its usefulness in properly understanding biblical prophecy is basically nil . for this , its original purpose , the late great planet earth is completely worthless . 
books neg 457.txt i thought this book would be great and was really looking forward to making some of the recipes , but i have to admit i 'm disappointed with the recipes and with what i 've baked from it so far . i was surprised that so many of the recipes called for vegetable shortening instead of or in addition to butter . i know the book itself explains that shortening is used to achieve a certain texture , but i have read in other baking books that shortening is a crutch and does n't deliver the flavor punch of pure butter . so i was a little skeptical , and then reading through the recipes , although they are very clearly written , there are n't a lot of extra tips on technique or anything for individual recipes . the book already assumes a level of competence . i made three recipes from the book : the essential chewy sugar cookie , the essential chewy chocolate chip cookie , and the fudgy brownies . all three recipes tasted delicious , so i ca n't complain there , but the brownies came out a little tough for my tastes , and both the cookies spread too much - - way too much , and i even refrigerated the dough for the sugar cookies . i consider myself to be an intermediate baker and have made these cookies from other recipes in the past with better results , so right now i 'm wondering if i should even try any more of the recipes in this book or just give up . i think it 's okay for a " base " cookie recipe book , but you would need to look elsewhere for better techniques or to tweak the ingredients 
books neg 726.txt if you have had any exposure to good literature , you will find this novel nearly insufferable . the symbolism is cliche , narrative style predictable and unoriginal , and the book as a whole is this woman 's self-indulgent notion that the story of her family makes a good read . if she had any creative ability , she could use her family history as a starting point , but she does very little to distinguish her writing as exciting and fresh . dull , dry , predicatable , callow , and unfortuantly a requirement from a lit professor who has insulted my eight semesters as an english student 
books neg 926.txt the author is an owner and operator of a tutoring center . he is not an expert in auto mechanics . as he points out on the back cover the pictures and the concepts were for teenage boys and the accompanying graphics are of poor quality . if you actually want to learn anything substative of autos this is a poor poor choice . you are better of visiting the automotive section of www.howstuffworks.com or some similar website to learn more with better graphics and for free . i bought this book long time ago and finally had the time to look at it and i regret it 
books neg 438.txt mr. dennett 's book demonstrates the ignorance , irrationality , and dishonesty of humanists . discussing the meaning of word materialsim , professor dennett says : " in its scientific or philosophical sense , it refers to a theory that aspires to explain all the phenomena without recourse to anything immaterial- -like a cartesian soul , or " ectoplasm " - -or god . the standard negation of materialistic in the scientific sense is dualistic , which maintains that there are two entirely different kinds of substance , matter and ...whatever minds are supposedly made of . " ( p . 302 ) philosophers stopped believing in dualism a thousand years ago with the development of metaphysics . a modern view is that man is an indefinability that becomes conscious of its own existence . the philosophy that god does not exist is not materialism , it is naturalism . materialism is the view that all that exists is matter . materialists frequently say that free will is an illusion and that the experience of the existence of oneself is some kind of epiphenomena . ( in a quote below , you will see that dennett puts free will in a list of things people belief in . ) it is not clear from the book whether dennett is a materialist , but he is certainly a naturalist . concerning the proof of god 's existence , he trots out david hume 's " who made god ? " which is based on a misunderstanding of the principle of causality . i refer the reader to my personal website for my version of the proof . let 's look at two quotes , the first is at the end of the chapter " belief in belief " and the other at the beginning of the chapter " morality and religion " : " that is , is n't it true that , whether or not god exists , religious belief is at least as important as the belief in democracy , in the rule of law , in free will ? the very widespread ( but far from universal ) opinion is that religion is the bulwark of morality and meaning . " ( p . 245 ) " without the divine carrot and stick , goes this reasoning , people would loll about aimlessly or indulge their basest desires , beak their promises , cheat on their spouses , neglect their duties , and so on . there are two well-known problems with this reasoning : ( 1 ) it does n't seem to be true , which is good news , since ( 2 ) is is such a demeaning view of human nature . " ( p . 279 ) in the first chapter , he mentions " bulwark of morality " and " meaning . " but in the second chapter , he leaves out " meaning . " if our purpose in life is not to get to heaven , what is our purpose is life ? whether religion supports morality can be determined by observing whether there is a correlation of moral conduct with religious belief . mr. dennett makes such a correlation to the detriment of religion by citing the high divorce rate of fundamentalist christians . there are worse things than divorcing your spouse . disingenuousness can be worse and can take the form of leaving unsaid what should have been said . mr. dennett should have explained why he did not discuss the idea that religion gives meaning to life . the only miracle mentioned in mr. dennett 's book is the shroud of turin , which has on it a mysterious image of a crucified man . since no one claims to know how the image got there , it can be called a miracle . however , mr. dennett does not tell us anything about it . the reader is left to find out about the famous relic by looking it up on the internet . 
books neg 473.txt a book full of heartwarming stories from country stars , singers , writers , and listeners , or so the back of the book said . as i read some sentimental stories , and some down right boring stories i questioned how more than half of these stories got into the ` country1 edition of the chicken soup series . i loved about three stories , liked about ten , and was puzzled by all the other entries 
books neg 889.txt the humor is definitely not in the book - reviews and summaries use the word " hilarity " however , i did not come across any situation that i would classify as even funny , not to mention hilarious . i thoroughly enjoyed her first novel , pink slip , however , this one seemed depressing . the two main characters appeared to have no respect or show any outward love toward each other until the very end of the story . the plot seemed to be very slow - the whole story took place in a matter of days , but really , nothing took place in the book . all in all , they bought a house . i would pass on this for better reads elsewhere 
books neg 324.txt if you have kids or grandkids , who think about politics & like " sf " ; give them this book ! it was one of the many heinlein works that helped me grow up . it is the best & most important of his " for kids novels " . i ment to give it 5 stars ! ! ! ! 
books neg 270.txt yet another offering from the kinkade art product assembly line . pass on this - - read real books and buy real art instead 
books neg 115.txt i recently read robert monroe 's first book , " journeys out of body " and found it to be a disappointment - it was just weird . as i noted in my review of that book , i had hoped that the author would discuss his use of sound , for which he is allegedly noted . as i purchased this book at the same time and had nothing else to read , i thought i 'd give it a try . the book did start out with a brief discussion of some of his " research " and i thought that , perhaps , this book might actually have some real substance . that belief ; however , quickly disappeared . by the time i had reached the half-way point in the book , nothing remained but a schizophrenic quagmire of incomprehensible gibberish . how does total garbage like this manage to get printed ? ! there are those that claim that monroe was a highly left-brained individual who delved into the realm of the creative right-brain . if this book is any indication , one ca n't help but wonder if monroe was missing his entire left hemisphere ! there is nothing logical or , for that matter , even coherent in the babble spewed across the endless pages of this book . it would have been worthwhile if monroe had actually described his experiments and resulting data in a scientific manner . instead , he chose to spew his incoherent ramblings about his own , personal , dream experiences : these wander so aimlessly , from paragraph to paragraph , that one ca n't help but wonder what real point , if any , he was trying to make . the really sad thing is that i had really hoped to find a genuinely scientific study of his work - i was actually quite interested in the topic . having now been subjected to two of his useless books , i 'm amazed that they 're still in print . this is pseudo-science at its absolute worst . 
books neg 290.txt it is a very dry book and hard to stay interested in . i am barely able to stay awake while reading it . it does have some interesting things 
books neg 346.txt i was so disappointed in this book . i do n't find a closeness to god in the pages . instead it seems intellectual . it contains beautiful sounding prayers that are more like poetry than speaking with god face to face . even though it contains prayers from across the ages it seems to keep me distant from the personal god i seek . and though the author 's prayers are included too , i feel the same about them . i expected more from richard j . foster 
books neg 444.txt this is , without question , the worst book ever written on one 's financial life . to begin with , it 's useless : zero information , zero new analysis of old information , zero advice , zero interesting anecdotes . additionally , it 's rambling- -meandering from summaries of old data , to poorly written schmaltzy ' new age ' feel-good blathering . what exactly is this guy 's point ? no way to tell . seriously , this book is so bad that all the people who allowed their names to be associated with blurbs on the cover have , in my opinion , lost all remaining credibility . what a waste of my $16 and 4 hours . i want my money and time back . 
books neg 920.txt this book is typical for many of its kind , just a man-hating drivel from feminists...and otherwise good for nothing 
books neg 947.txt i read this book for a book report , and because i could not choose another one i could not stop reading it . because i was forced to read this book i now have the knoledge and misfortune of this pathetically boring story . the steriotypical characters hurried through the story full of excuses . 1 star for one very boring book 
books neg 329.txt honestly , i thought the book was just plain boring and repetitive . the author 's main point , although interesting , seems to me like it would fit into an essay . also , the particular print of the book that i purchased , has a dog on the cover , i was very much expecting the book to center around dog behavior . instead , i felt i little duped . most insight into dog behavior came from previous third person experiments / theories or anedoctal accounts of " my friend 's dog fido , one day did this.. . " i hardly think that what one dog did can be generalized to the whole dog population . i mean , the author does n't even have a dog ! ! i suspect that i , who have had a lifelong history with dogs , have more first hand experience with dog behavior than the author . i do n't recommend this book to all the dog lovers out there . now , if your " thing " is cows... . get this book ! 
books neg 741.txt when i discovered the existence of this novel , i was enthusiastic and intrigued . unfortunately , my hopes were more or less dashed as i trundled my way through the 382 pages . kleopatra focuses on the famous queen 's early years - a period of time of which we have no record - and the intrigues that haunted and led to the demise of any semblance of a family ( something she may have compensated for in adulthood ) . what i liked : 1 ) . the spelling of kleopatra / cleopatra with a " k " - it really does emphasize that hellenistic connection ; 2 ) kleopatra 's strength of character - essex 's general characterization is appropriate and it 's easy to see what kleopatra will become . although the novel is a noble attempt by karen essex , it just did n't work for me . the character of berenike as an amazon seemed a bit far-fetched . and although i loved kleopatra 's love interest ( i wo n't give away his name ! ) , i felt it was a bit far-fetched as well , almost as if essex was pressured into a love story from the publisher or something . kleopatra 's dionysian rites were also a little hard to believe , as was mohama . there were also scenes of random sex that were a bit.. . unnecessary . overall , although kleopatra was a strong , believable character , she was in the minority . the novel as a sort of back-story to the queen of egypt did n't work as it was weighed down by the elements of fiction ! at least the sequel is better . for fiction that works , check out the memoirs of cleopatra by margaret george . 
books neg 336.txt alright , so her childhood was a bit different than your average white middle-income childhood . should this motivate anybody to write a completely non-imaginative , devoid of any insights book ? do n't be fooled by the exotic side of it . a poor writer can ruin a story , regardless of the exotic locale . if you were expecting to find an " international " jewel like jhumpa lahiri 's " the namesake " or zadie smith 's " on beauty " , you will be greatly disappointed . if you are into africa , read something that has more than the exotic place to say for itself . ben okri 's " the famished road " ( booker prize winner ) or the palm-wine drinkard and my life in the bush of ghosts ( paperback ) by amos tutuola will be much better choices . 
books neg 258.txt i must say i enjoyed the book , but the ending was so sudden , with so many things left hanging , that i was disappointed . i wish one more chapter had been written to clear up - how did manderly catch fire , what did they do when they got to the burning house , and how did they pick up their lives . all we had at the ending was ashes . also , the narrator , who never gives her name , was sometimes very odd - hiding behind doors in her own home , sneaking food , hiding behind chairs . the book is worth reading , but i wish that , instead of spending so much time describing the trees and the sea , du maurier had written a better ending . 
books neg 859.txt this book sucked . all the other people in my book group and i hated this book . there is only a stupid plot about a pig running awa 
books neg 178.txt i 'll reread any of lipman 's books multiple times - except this one . boring and disappointing finish 
books neg 435.txt this was a hot mess , it was so boring i could n't even finish the book , i passed it on to my cusion , and she said the same thing , i just gave the book away . my hopes were all high from flyy gryl , but thats the only good book that omar written . i was so upset by this that i actually wanted to write omar tyree myself and ask him what the hell was going on . i mean when you write a bad book chances are that no one is going to want to read the next book . i hate reading a bad book because i feel it is just a waist of my time , and i could 've done somthing better . omar , you owe my 4 hours of a good book 
books neg 801.txt the text is ok and the way the story is cut up in frames and assembled is competent , but the drawings are the work of a hack , often tacky and always styleless and garishly colored . the costumes and settings are totally lacking in imagination and carry no semantic weight . the attempts to create a visual equivalent for the musical leitmotifs of the operas are too literal and very much in the spirit of a mechanical translation from opera to comic book . an affront to connoisseurs of either opera or comics or both . only valuable as a kitschy curiosity 
books neg 245.txt if you think you 'd find a lot of unrelated platitudes interesting , then you 'll enjoy this book . 
books neg 989.txt i am absolutely furious about this book . i quit reading about half-way through . i read it through the section about it 's a wonderful life ( chapter 13 ) . in that chapter , i found three mistakes - not minor details , but major , provable points , including misquoting zuzu and misquoting the inscription in the book in the last scene - within four paragraphs . if eliot 's work is that shoddy in four paragraphs , how can i trust the rest of the information in the book ? avoid this at all costs ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
books pos 278.txt anything you purchase in the left behind series is an excellent read . these books are great and very close to the bible . i have the entire set . amazon is a great shopping site and they ship fast . i would recommend these to any christian wanting to know about what to expect during the return of christ ! they are fiction but still makes a good point 
books pos 904.txt if you 're intimidated by tolstoy or dostoevsky 's long masterpieces , consider starting instead with turgenev 's " fathers and sons . " this book is of course a masterpiece of russian literature . it 's characters and themes are timeless and absolutely relatable to our modern culture . this is a story of family relationships , romance , and philosophy . highly recommended . p.s. when you 're done here , try " war and peace " or at least " crime and punishment . 
books pos 46.txt this book , styron 's finest , is about redemption . heralded by the epigraph from john donne , the intricately structured tale with its marlowian manipulations of narrative points of view soon becomes so enthralling that it 's impossible to put down . but it 's also to styron 's great credit that the novel 's theme , redemption through confrontation with death and violence , is reflected through its feverish style . there are not many books in the postwar era , and none in the united states , that have such a non-moralistic but intensely moral character and impact . echoes of the greek tragedians ( several times evoked in the text ) and of dostoyevski abound . finally , the crucial role by the most-fleshed out non-expatriate character , a philosophical italian small-town cop named luigi , elevates the moral drama to a metaphysical dimension that most contemporary writers do n't even seem to understand , let alone approach . it 's a shame that styron has not received the nobel prize yet 
books pos 451.txt " i have shooting pains in my upper left arm . " said the pilot to brian . brian is the main character in the book hatchet . this book would be for someone who likes survival in the wilderness or even just survival . i like this book because i am into this type of writing . i think gary paulson is a very intelegant man because.....who could have thought of a book about a boy who his plain crashes into the canadian wilderness and.............do you think he survived the wilderness ? .........he does survive the wilderness ! submitted by : peanut ! 
books pos 852.txt i was assigned this book for a college course and was greatly surprised at its quality . blamires had c.s. lewis as a tutor , and i 've read some of lewis 's writings and have found them to be above average but not particularly special ( many people do find his works special of course ) . blamires , on the other hand , i find to be very unique - his book is top quality and very helpful . i 'm surprised this is n't a very popular book , as it ought to be . i have only two complaints , both of which are purely stylistic . first , the edition i have looks like it 's a copy of an earlier edition , which makes the text hard to read ( i got used to it after a while though ) . some publisher should take it upon themself to retype this book and republish it . my second criticism is something that ca n't be avoided - the book was originally written in the early sixties , so a lot of the examples are dated ( i.e. references to wwii , which was still in memory , also out-of-date terms like " jive " , etc. ) . however , just a few of the examples are affected by this . the book as a whole could be reasonably passed off today as a recent work , since so much blamires 's criticism of the christian mind ( or lack thereof ) still ( sadly ) applies . however , the christian mind today is being rediscovered , and the march of atheism is on the decline , with the march of religion in general on the rise . even though things are looking up , christians should keep blamires 's book in mind - not to get too comfortable with this ( secular ) world , for our real home is beyond bodily death . that we ought to have a supernatural orientation is basically the theme and summary of this book . superb book , and i really recommend this to anyone . this is definitely recommended for christians , and also for any non-christian who are curious and want to take a look at some of the problems christians have today 
books pos 453.txt i did enjoy this book as it was my first introduction to magnet therapy . this is a topic that i intend to explore much further too . it was very helpful and gave good information 
books pos 539.txt although the photographs are dated , the material is classic . this book is a must for anyone who is involved with design or review of open spaces . it shows how people use open space and identifies the common elements of successful spaces . while the elements all seem logical , the book shows how we often fly in the face of logic when using these spaces . the book focuses primarily on plazas and small parks in new york city , but includes a section for smaller cities with low rise buildings . the information can also be applied to parks in any size town . this book is a facinating case study in social ecology 
books pos 657.txt ironweed by william j . kennedy was the latest selection for a book club i 've recently joined . the premise of the club is to read a novel and then view the movie ( at the group meeting ) that was based on the novel . as i expected , the movie paled in comparison to the book , despite the screenplay being written by kennedy himself . jack nicholson plays the main character ( francis ) and meryl streep is his " wanna be " socialite girlfriend ( helen ) , but this star power does n't elevate the story beyond what kennedy had already done in the novel . set during the " great depression , " ironweed is a great look at the underbelly of society : drunks , homeless , impoverished , and in that regard the story is timeless . i enjoyed the characters ' quirkiness and the loosely connected plots , but more significantly to me were the themes of redemption , forgiveness , and love . the love aspect may be hard to spot , but it is there , unconventionally , in many of the character 's interactions . this favorable recommendation comes with a warning : it can be a depressing read , definitely not a happy one , and while i found it inspirational , it will not conjure any blithe emotions . ironweed is definitely not a june beach read , being more apropos to a long winter night , indoor , by a warm fire . 
books pos 395.txt in all the talk about education issues these days , it 's easy to forget that what 's really important is the relationship , the energy , between students and teacher . when the teacher closes his door and is face-to-face with thirty kids- -that 's where it 's at . it 's not test scores or textbooks or innovative curriculum- -it 's what happens between people in a classroom . this book shows that dynamic relationship between eager , active kids and a caring , active teacher . it 's not all pleasant , and successes are sometimes small , but a pervasive caring underlies it all . as a teacher , this book reminded me that sometimes the best thing i can do for my kids is to leave all that paperwork , go for a walk , go to bed early so i can be there for them the next day 
books pos 323.txt addressing as it does issues of cognition , language usage and acquisition , evolutionary biology and innate versus learned behavior , this work is relevant to many of the great intellectual debates of our time . it is very readable for the most part , although if some of the topics are new to you then you will find a few sections rather heavy going . more illustrations would have helped here . there are syntax structure diagrams and one very grudging , cursory sketch of the language centers of the brain , but many sections cry out for a diagram among all the verbiage . pinker 's lively , humorous style is often commented on but i sometimes found it wearing . he will illustrate a point with an amusing newspaper cutting , then list a few more , then add " i could not resist some more.. . " and so on . i sometimes wished he would just get on with it . a major problem with his nativist approach , which other reviewers have commented on , is that many examples he lists of usages that english speakers would never employ are nothing of the kind . most of them are conceivable and since the first publication of this book , linguists have been busy recording them in the field . the thesis also becomes somewhat unraveled in the penultimate chapter , where he argues that ' you and i ' and ' you and me ' are equally correct in all circumstances , because ' the pronoun is free to have any case it wants' . but if this is so then what has become of the innate awareness of correct usage that the whole theory is about ? if ' between you and i ' sounds instinctively wrong to me and ' between you and me ' sounds instinctively wrong to someone else , does that mean one of us has a mutant grammar gene ? i doubt it . the title itself is problematic . ' instinct ' is not a word much in favor among biologists nowadays and whatever language is , it is certainly not instinctive in the traditional sense . early in the book , pinker admits as much , but determines to use the word anyway , a use that owes more to marketing than to science . still , this is probably the best introductory linguistics text currently available . if you are new to linguistics , start here rather than with chomsky , but please go on to read geoffrey sampson 's work , perhaps starting with his website , to get an alternative view . as with most academic disputes , the answer no doubt lies somewhere in the middle . since chomsky 's early work , the nativists have toned down their claims considerably , while their opponents have made concessions . on page 34 of this book , pinker says , " no one has yet located a language organ or a grammar gene , but the search is on . " more than a decade later , the search is still on . good luck with that . 
books pos 394.txt i am an avid reader of books of biblical prophecy , and i feel that clarence larkin 's & quot ; the book of revelation&quot ; is the best on the book of revelation . mr. larkin provides charts for the student , and does verse by verse analysis of the book . if you want to study the book of revelation . i would submit clarence larkin 's & quot ; the book of revelation&quot ; as your first tool of study 
books pos 830.txt started out a bit slow and built into a real action packed thriller . several times i found myself saying , " oh yuk ! " nevertheless the story line was fabulously interesting and you 'll fall in love especially with thomas , a down syndrome young man with a special gift . this is another great story by koontz . 
books pos 750.txt as a 6th grader i think i had this book permanently checked out of my school 's library for the entire year . great adventure and suspense , a fascinating look into another culture , an extraordinarily brave girl and her love for her dog , and a deeply satisfying ending - - a perfect combination . i 'm so glad it 's still in print 
books pos 218.txt the " essential histories " series from osprey could easily be compared to the cliff notes series . they 'll give you a nice introduction to a topic you are not familiar with , but no real depth . most volumns are under 100 pages ; therefore , do n't expect many " man in the trenches " stories . this volumn is a nice introduction to a recent war , and presented a bit better than most in the series 
books pos 784.txt moral consciousness and communicative action is the primary anglophone source for habermas 's writings on & quot ; discourse ethics . &quot ; written in the early eighties , this translation , which was published in 1990 , provides a developmental perspective . the focus of the essays moves from habermas 's statements about the role of philosophy today , in & quot ; philosophy as stand-in and interpeter , to his writing on reconstructive social science in general , to his program for a discourse ethics in particular . the final papers address criticisms of this program . the volume suffers a bit from the fact that thomas mccarthy 's introduction is keen to locate habermas 's position vis a vis various contemporary moral-philosophical standpoints , but does not go very far toward locating the whole initiative in the broader canvas of habermas 's overarching social-theoretic project 
books pos 284.txt sorry i just wrote this so that there would be 667 votes and not 666 im not very religous but i find that number to be very strange and disturbing . holla back im going to buy this boo 
books pos 709.txt great book ....my partners therapist recommended it for him to read it helps you to understand & deal with the problems easy to read & understand 
books pos 966.txt this was the first vi warshawski book i ever read , and it did an excellent job of whetting my appetite for more . i think paretsky did an excellent job of drawing me into vi 's world , which is rich with unique characters . vi comes across as individualistic and principled , and i like how paretsky resisted clich temptation on several counts : the complex issue of chemical responsibility is not wrapped up in a tidy bundle by the end of the book , and there is no & quot ; obligatory sex scene . &quot ; not that sex scenes do n't have their places , but i just hate it when i 'm reading along and i can almost hear the agent say , & quot ; okay , author , you need to steam this up a bit right here if you want to sell this book . &quot ; in this story , vi is all business , which is a delightful change of pace 
books pos 238.txt i was a student of mr. clawson 's , and highly recommend any student of his to use this book as a study guide 
books pos 70.txt this is the text i love the best and it is easy to read and with the words of jesus in red . my only criticism in that the corners of the cover tend to bend - they are made of cardboard which is not as durable as leather , for which i would have paid more . however , it is very good value , and the delivery was as swift as ever 
books pos 273.txt what a great book . i have been turned off to religion due to the negativeness that surrounds it . watching joel osteen on tv and reading this book makes me love god even more . when i think back on my life , i have truly had many blessings and i no longer need to feel guilty for accepting god 's blessings . god has always been about love , hope , faith and greatness . he has never been about hatred , prejudice or guilt . 
books pos 252.txt i recommend this book highly for anyone who is losing a close family member or friend to illness or who has lost someone and just are having a hard time coming to terms with why 
books pos 881.txt black metropolis is perhaps the founding document of african-american studies , a classic work of sociology that still resonates today . it is a paradigmatic expression of the chicago school of sociology , however , a school that today stands in some disrepute , at least in some circles . indirectly , it was the target of james baldwin 's famous attack on richard wright in his essay , everybody 's protest novel . the claim of the criticism has been that the chicago school , due to its insistance upon using a & quot ; scientific approach&quot ; , merely reproduces the very terms under which african-americans have been oppressed- -a claim that has proceeded under the warrant of european intellectuals such as theodor adorno . still , black metropolis is a landmark study , and , unfortunately , many if not most of its observations and conclusions remain true today , and in fact it could be argued that conditions in the black belt of chicago have gotten worse , not better , since 1945 , the year of black metropolis ' publication- -which lends a certain credence to the criticisms mentioned above , though perhaps it should be qualified by saying that they are not so much criticisms of the chicago school as they are criticisms of american society . since then , as we know , we have witnessed a great shift in american public opinion away from what some consider to be the excesses of those days ; so much so , in fact , that the work of black metropolis may again be regarded as a profoundly useful book . embodying american liberalism as it does- -which counted as a grave sin thirty years ago- -black metropolis may possibly be due for a fresh look 
books pos 307.txt always lively and perspicacious , this clever book seeks to solve a seemingly trivial puzzle : while historians have mustered a host of plausible explanations ( weapons , diseases , horses , etc. ) for why europeans spread so thickly into north america , australia , new zealand and argentina ( the lands crosby labels " neo-europes " ) , what could possibly explain why the dandelion did so as well ? the question does n't appear so innocuous when it is pointed out that not just the dandelion , but the european housefly , and feral pigs , and a horde of other weeds , pests , crops , diseases and livestock from europe followed suit . quite often these organisms , even the domesticated ones , raced ahead of european explorers themselves , rapidly proliferating into vast herds and stands that the settlers themselves could not fathom . why was this so ? why did n't , say , australian weeds , their seeds inadvertently shipped back to england , eventually carpet the meadows and fields of europe ? to answer this odd question , professor crosby begins his story with pangaea- -the great supercontinent that began to split apart about 200 million years ago into the continents we now have scattered about the globe . these " seams of pangaea " then forced a radical divergence in the terrestrial flora and fauna of the planet , and set the stage for the equally radical convergence initiated when european mariners crossed these now mid-oceanic seams . crosby details case after case in each category : weeds , pests , livestock , diseases and crops . he forcefully illustrates how sudden and overwhelming the ecosystem takeover was until the suspense is too much to bear . what is the answer ? he drops clues every now and then , and the most explicit one is in the form of a quote that begins one of the final chapters : if weeds are to be defined as those organisms that thrive on the disturbances caused by humans , then humans themselves must be considered the primary weed of all . here , then is the answer : all the opportunistic fellow-travelers of the european diaspora are exquisitely coadapted to the scale and pace of the continuous ecological disequilibrium characteristic of the old world civilizations- -and they , in turn , furthered and helped generate that very disequilibrium . together- -humans , horses , cattle , pigs , rats , clover , peaches , measles and , yes , dandelions- -comprised a potent self-replicating system , dimly discerned by its contemporaries , that could not be stopped once it spilled across the seams of pangaea 
books pos 247.txt always looking for new books on this subject as they are few and far between . this book is written by a cop who knows the business . really like the way its written , funny at times as well as informatove , good read actually enjoyed what can be dry material . highly recommended 
books pos 858.txt wow , this book should be given to every graduate entering the workforce along with their diploma . not just about cards , but also contains business etiquette , marketing tips and techniques , and ( un ) common sense . wish i had read it 20 years ago . required reading for pretty much anybody who has to go out into the world and deal with another person 
books pos 749.txt used this book all of the time in my german classes ! wish i had had this sooner , would have made everything a lot simpler . its easy to use , easy to understand , and great when you need to find something quick . this should be a book every college student , studying german , should be required to have 
books pos 976.txt this is one of the best bathroom books i have read . i bought it as a baby shower gift . not only is it funny but it has really helped some of my girl-friends reluctant little poopers . 
books pos 409.txt practical , sage advice from stanley . not as good as his follow up , " the millionaire mind " this book is somewhat pedantic . it also suffers from the fact it 's extremely dry . the author 's writing is much more engaging in his followup , and that 's a much faster read . in addition to offering some practical tips " the millionaire next door " also lends itself to parody in books like dave barry 's money secrets , a book called " maybe life 's just not that into you " and something from andy borowitz , the name of which escapes me . if you have to choose between " the millionaire next door " and " the millionaire mind " go with the latter . 
books pos 743.txt ... i really was n't expecting a writer i would like almost as much as howard and mckenna ... what a great find ! if you like uber-alpha , warrior , edgy good-guy hero ( ex navy seal ) and a likable , feisty heroine , you have got to try this author . read this in one sitting 
books pos 945.txt i also used this book in my graduate program . this book provides an excellent overview student development theory . it is an excellent introductory text . i had the added benefit of using this text in a course taught by one of the authors 
books pos 251.txt jonathan glover 's book is not quite like anything you 've read on war , state terror , and genocide . the tour of twentieth-century horrors is thematic rather than chronological , organized according to the ethical issues glover wants to explore . this takes a little getting used to , but it allows the author to jump , for example , from the first world war to the cuban missile crisis , to see which lessons had been learned in the interim and which might be applied in the future . the cumulative power of glover 's pointillist technique is enormous . & quot ; humanity&quot ; combines a clear-eyed ( necessarily often gruesome ) depiction of *in*humanity with an informed and enlightening discussion of how leaders and ordinary people can change things for the better . as an examination of the psychological and existential origins of mass murder and genocide , it marks an advance on ervin staub 's classic & quot ; roots of evil , & quot ; and should be of interest to any student of modern history and politics 
books pos 240.txt since i received this book i have been carting it around , using it for reference ever since . i wish that i had been introduced to this book sooner in my college career ; it sets a good foundation for the basics . it is also good for sparking ideas if you are stuck . robin williams also writes well , making it a fun , easy read ( like all her books ) . i highly recommend this title 
books pos 295.txt i bought this book for my 8 and 10 year old to learn more about american history while we live abroad in europe . i was more than pleased when i began reading the stories and found that they love the book ! from the lewis & clark expedition to pac man , the stories are interesting and succinct enough to hold my kids ' interest . 
books pos 448.txt this is a nice compact hardback edition of dashiell hammett 's five novels , which he wrote between 1929 and 1934. a veteran of pinkerton detective agency in several cities , hammett turned his intimate familiarity with crooks , low-lives , and the seedier side of life into hard-boiled , hard-hitting detective stories . this was a time when urban corruption was the rule , and private detectives , journalists , and police officers shared information . two of these novels , & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; and & quot ; the glass key&quot ; are american classics . another , & quot ; the thin man&quot ; , inspired one of hollywood 's best-loved movie franchises . hammett 's novels lift the veil of propriety from the subcultures in which they take place , laying bare violence , corruption , and pervasive cynicism . but they 're not dreary . the sharp prose crackles , and the heroes stand apart from the corruption while swimming in it , steadfast in their own codes of conduct , their iconoclastic ideologies rooted securely in realism . these five novels all appeared as serials in magazines prior to being published as novels . & quot ; the thin man&quot ; appeared first in & quot ; redbook&quot ; , the others in & quot ; black mask&quot ; . & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; ( 1930 ) and & quot ; the glass key&quot ; ( 1931 ) are flawless . & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; features private detective sam spade , a irresistible femme fatale , and the ruthless pursuit of an ancient gold statuette . the last pages of the book are some of the most hard-hitting and cynical in all of noir fiction . and they 're brilliant . & quot ; the glass key&quot ; explores political corruption that leads to personal tragedy in an unnamed american city . oddly , the detective is the right-hand man of a crime boss . & quot ; red harvest&quot ; ( 1929 ) features the adventures of hammett 's most popular detective , the continental op , in a town called personville , or poisonville to those who know it better . the always unnamed detective for the continental detective agency finds himself responsible for cleaning up a mining town that is ruled by violence and mob warfare . the novel 's opening paragraph deserves to be read several times . & quot ; the thin man&quot ; ( 1934 ) is an attempt at humor among new york 's blue-blooded , cold-blooded upper crust . hard-boiled humor is interesting in concept . but i find the characters in this novel more pitiful than funny , and hammett 's style was in decline at this point . at least his characteristic cynicism wasn't . & quot ; the dain curse&quot ; ( 1929 ) is another continental op novel . this one is melodramatic , absurd , and not up to hammett 's usual standards . hammett fans should n't miss it , but others may find it pointless . i described the novels in order of descending quality . & quot ; complete novels&quot ; organizes them chronologically . five novels is a lot to pack into one book . but & quot ; complete novels&quot ; does n't resemble a door stop . it 's a handy size actually . the print is not too small , but the pages are quite thin . editor stanley marcus , a literary critic and frequent admirer of hammett 's work , has included a chronology of hammett 's life and several pages of notes on the novels in the back of the book . the chronology is informative and provides all of the apparently significant events in hammett 's life . the notes are mostly definitions of colloquialisms used in the novels , which are useful . the notes also contain an introduction to & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; , written by hammett in 1934 , in which he explains the origins of that novel 's characters . it 's quite interesting . for those who prefer to own these novels separately , vintage crime / black lizard hs published some handsome trade paperback editions . but if you want hardback and do n't mind all five novels in one volume , this is quite a nice book 
books pos 906.txt i started with the second volume , the mammoth book of more historical whodunnits , and enjoyed it so much that i went out and got a copy of this one as well . i really liked the time-span of story settings , and the best part was the mystery that was written down over 2000 years ago ! great for people who like short story mysteries , and as a lead-in to authors you might like 
books pos 473.txt this book has a lot of insights about various ways in which the ' pace of life and learning ' have since the scientific revolution accelerated . in other words it is a book which gives one much to think about . the problem is that it also suggests that given the vast increase of information available to us , the vast increase in ' possible alternatives ' for our attention , that we will probably have our minds moved away from the insights so rapidly as to not even absorb them . the obvious reply to such an intense barrage upon our consciousness , is to withdraw . and when we withdraw and close out all that is accelerating around us , we begin to try and make a pace and story of our own within ourselves . the faster we are forced to go , the slower we may need to go . i think a companion volume , or perhaps a contradictory volume should be written on all those human activities which might be aided by our ' going slower in them' . and along with this volume should be advice and recommendation of how to keep out of our life these seemingly endless intrusions which disrupt our living by our own rhythm . " run slowly , slowly horses of the night " 
books pos 707.txt love letters has a very simple concept : two people reading letters they wrote to each other on separate parts of the stage . they never look at each other . but within these letters is so much humor , love , and truth that the play will carry you away with delight . i read this play as i was browsing through a bookstore . i just wanted to read the first couple of pages since i 'd heard so much about it . after page three , i did n't want to put it down . now i 'm buying it for a friend . do n't think this play is a sappy collection of gushy girl talk or even romance-novel fodder . if you have ever been in love , you will recognize parts of yourself in this . it always stays true to its well-drawn characters , which is what makes the end so heartbreakingly wonderful 
books pos 318.txt at first , i found this book to be difficult to digest because it appeared to be heading in a direction that was in sacrilegious conflict with my beliefs as a christian and a catechist in the catholic church . yet a part of me was also highly fascinated and captivated by the story , especially since i work as a mental health professional . as i keep reading , i discovered that it was n't sacrilegious at all but rather a story of general faith and hope , of the extent a mother would go through to protect her child , and of the intrusive nature of the media . i particularly liked the strength mariah showed during this conflict , despite her past history of nervous breakdown . and i like the way the character of ian evolved from a sleazy teleaetheist to a caring and more moral man . the secondary characters were all wonderful , in particular mariah 's mother and the lawyers on both side . i thought the trial was once of the most interesting parts of the story . as with all picoult books , this was a deep and heavy novel which was n't easily breezed through , but it was definitely a compelling and awesome book to read ! 
books pos 680.txt while this book is not a comprehensive volume , it does cover the most common landscape plants in the virginia landscape . there is a strong emphasis on older varieties of plants and those that are best suited to the climate conditions of virginia . for a new resident of virginia who likes to do amatuer landscaping , this book is indispensible 
books pos 357.txt malphurs does an excellent job of laying out the strategic planning process step by step and in great detail . i really appreciated the fact that he takes into account things like church patriarchs / matriarchs and other church dynamics that are often not addressed practically in ministry books . he almost makes the process seem easy , and maybe it is , if you are starting a new church or are in the very early stages of a church plant . however , much of the material seems practically impossible to implement in a " plateau'ed " or " downward spiraling " church that has been around for 100 years . the principles are easy and make sense if you have 100% support of the congregation . that 's pretty hard to do in most of the churches i 've been in that need strategic planning the most . that 's no fault of malphurs ; the book itself is a great book 
books pos 386.txt sigmund freud has done an amazing research in the field of dreams and their meanings , you will be amazed how every single detail in the dream has a meaning ( according to sigmund freud - not that i agree with him ) . and it is very impressive . personally i enjoyed this book very much 
books pos 374.txt this book is a somewhat linear history of the past 13 , 000 years across the continents . diamond seeks to sum up history across various societies on all the continents in a relatively short volume . the impetus for this search starts with a question from a friend of his from new guinea named yali . yali 's question was , " why is it that you white people developed so much cargo and brought it to new guinea , but we black people had little cargo of our own ? " reading the book , i think i gulped at this point . this sounds like a classic , loaded question . it sounds disturbingly close to why have we ( europe and its former colonies ) succeeded where they have failed . diamond does not descend into that territory though , but he does not evade criticism for skirting it completely . there are references to a culture 's success in industrializing or condensing populations that diamond brushes off as a mixed blessing , for instance . the advantages of a hunting / gathering culture are not really explored outside of the remarkable sustaining nature of southeast asia . this history can probably be described ( or perhaps is most successful ) as based around environmental causation ( as opposed to the racial / ethnic / social causation that the lump in my throat had been fearing ) . descriptions of climate ( note : that the history begins with the cessation of the last great ice age ) , longitudinal or latitudinal axes , elevation and landmass differences play a strong role in determining the fate of humanity . still , it is interesting to look specifically at the items gathered in the title . guns . europe 's refinement of this technology was based on china 's innovations with gunpowder . today 's dominant society is a product as much of what it has swallowed and thus incorporated as by what it has innovated . as an interesting counterpoint , japan had owned more and better guns in c . 1600 ce , than any country in the world . samurai rulers first limited then outlawed the technology . japan would n't resume manufacture until mid 19th century . obviously , there is an indisputable importance in the weaponry 's influence in shaping the geopolitical world of today . germs . epidemics left people from cultures based on cities with who could resist smallpox and those dense populations more easily replaced those who did n't survive . smaller groups have a distinct disadvantage versus the interdependent and consequently more interchangable larger cities . epidemics develop out of these civilizations as germs jump over from domesticated animals ( and smaller groups may not even have animals to domesticate ) . interesting note : the emperors of the mayan and incan civilizations both succumb to disease ( likely smallpox ) rather than guns . steel . technological advancement is keyed on innovations brought about by dense populations and the possibility for abstraction of responsibilities . a hunter-gatherer culture lacks the abstraction necessary to divide responsibilities to allow for such developments as literacy and mining , as the energies that would fuel these are directed toward survival areas . diamond makes an interesting and controversial point that the hunter-gatherer culture may be more attuned to intelligence as an evolutionary necessity over civilized society , where the evolutionary energy may be directed at surviving these epidemic illnesses . there are many aspects of environment that serve as limiting conditions for the development of these things . first , there appears to need to be sustainable farming . many of the staples of modernity are the crops first domesticated in the fertile crescent region ( where today we invade , suck oil , and force the conquered to endure freedom ) . the western asian breadbasket provided the means to bank food so that trades could develop . as a complete side note , the genesis book of the bible can be viewed upon through this filter as it goes into great detail how joseph set up a system of storing and meting grain in egypt to greatly increase the population and avoid the calamity of drought and famine brought on by sustenance farming . another factor in the civilizing of eurasia is the landmass itself . compared to africa and the americas , eurasia is mainly west-east axis versus north-south . movement of successes in cultivation and domestication could more easily occur because climate differences are easier on a latitudinal basis than on longitudinal . something like corn ( maize ) which was domesticated in central americas took a very long time to make it to north america because of geography . llamas and guinea pigs ( which could be useful for pack animals and food ) never made it north . conversely , all those fertile crescent crops and bigger domesticated animals like cattle , horses , pigs were able to spread from one tip of asia to the opposite tip of europe . to answer yali 's question , some of the answer is luck . africa , australia and the americas may not have been afforded the botanical or zoological advantages that eurasia had . some other is environmental determinism , where you are helps make up who you become . for going forward , diamond cites transportation , communication and information advances as factors that likely will obliviate these historical forces in the future . after word : harpers magazine tackles an issue that was brought up , but not as fully developed here , that of pre-clovis native american discoveries ( pronouncements ) , knowingly confronting a loaded racial / ethnocentric question in a folio called " might white of you : are american archaeologists white supremacists ? " the archaeological records supports people living in the americas since about 9000-11000 bce . there are scant scraps of evidence prior to that date , but plenty of theories typically more titillating than substantive . one wonders if the pre-clovis discovery ( especially all the business about " caucusoid " skulls ) , is n't so much about archaeology as setting up an imagined genocide to justify a documented genocide . 
books pos 762.txt this book has some of the most unique ideas for spending quality time with your mate . it has all the dates organized into categories based on how much time you have , how much money you want to spend , etc. then at the end of each date there are questions and focus excerises to bridge a communication gap 
books pos 731.txt i really enjoy all of mary engelbreit 's books and my little girls do , too . we like to look at them over and over again . this book is full of ideas from recipes , to summer crafts , to gardening , and to sewing so that you can make your home an interesting place to visit 
books pos 162.txt so many books on the market about pregnancy focus on the medical aspect of what is growing in your wife 's little belly , and not how that little thing is changing your wife and life forever ! this book describes to a ' t ' how this life changing event reeks havoc on everyone involved in the process , and it does it in a way that is bust-a-gut funny . before i read this book , i was like " what the heck is wrong with my wife ? " after reading this book , i was more like " ohhh , i know why she just ripped my head off.. . she hates the smell of carrots ! " great book , fast and fun read , a must read for a new dad . i 've bought it for every father to be , and they in turn have done the same . 
books pos 644.txt simply , clearly written , the book is a very practical guide for someone new to , but serious about , farming . concise , yet still comprehensive and fun to read . would have liked a section on draft animals , but schwenke 's disclaimer for not including it makes sense 
books pos 702.txt abby cooper has become my favorite amateur pi . the premise of this series , a young woman private detective who has strong psychic abilities which she uses to solve cases , is original and fun to read . abby is a psychic , but she also has the same trials and tribulations of a normal young woman , money , sibling and romance issues . in this latest book , abby , her sister cat , and abby 's handyman dave , buy and plan to renovate a house , only the house turns out to be haunted ! poor dave , abbey 's partner and handyman , is attacked by his own chainsaw as he begins the renovation ! determined to find out what 's going on , abby begins investigating the history of the home and discovers a missing treasure with ties to wwii nazi germany . in order to solve the mystery , abby depends on her spirit guides to help her on the case . there is danger for abby and her friends from an unknown stalker and the romance between abby and dutch becomes more intense as they each must sacrifice some of their independence to become a real couple . ms. laurie has a great series going here , and i look forward to reading more abby mysteries . 
books pos 433.txt i bought this book in the 80 's and it did wonders for me ! it helped me to get control of " me " again.. . and i went forward with my son from there 
books pos 613.txt i tell my life coaching clients that even one of these poems makes for an loving guide as to how to live your life . her poem , mindful , eloquently points the way to a life of joy and fullness for anyone . yes 
books pos 748.txt this was an astounding book about an even more astounding woman , rachel shilsky , a.k.a ruth mcbride jordan . written by one of her 12 children , james , this book is both biography ( mother ) and autobiography ( child ) . a polish jew ( white ) who fled her oppressive surroundings in backwater virginia , ruth met and married two different black men and managed to raise 12 children in some extremely difficult circumstances in harlem , new york . not only did she start a baptist church with her husband , she coped with a regular dose of racism , some significant poverty and still managed to send 12 children to school ( all of whom became professionals , and productive citizens ) . the book is written by the son , but the voice of the mother is registered throughout ( in italic print ) . she evades all queries about her background , her family , in fact any of her history , and it is not until much later that the son uncovers her history ( abusive father , crippled mother ) and the reader is even more impressed with the fortitude and will that it must have taken this woman to make her own life in a community that was not of her economic , racial , or religious experience . although the book is ostensibly about this man 's childhood and his remarkable mother , it is also a fascinating glimpse of racism , religion and social exclusion in the black communities in new york in the 1960s . each of ruth 's children experienced a certain unease about their racially ` different ' mother and yet each became aware of who they were and what they were about . this book is just a marvelous read . full of funny and sad tales of a rather unique family life , mcbride 's work is a tribute to his extraordinary mother . 
books pos 623.txt i came across this book while on vacation in a cabin in minnesota . i read the entire thing in two days , and loved it so much i considered taking it with me ! this was back before the internet , and it took me nine years to find a copy of it that i could buy . it was worth the wait . these are some of the best short stories i 've ever read . they are very well written , original , and gripping tales that are fun to read and reread . if only there were more writers like mr. ellin 
books pos 327.txt i dedicate this review to women all around the world of all colour , races , religions , nationality and creed.. . ( all women are equal , in my eyes....nigel. . ) in this remarkable novel , sk makes his debut.an unlikely but good book.it has a good dose of horror / suspense and it is one of the best books i have ever read.. . it is simply about a teenager from maine , named carietta white ( carrie ) .from the beginning of the story we see who her mother ( margaret white ) takes advantage of her , making her feel stupid and left out.similiarly in school , carrie is always the " black sheep " , she has not friends and she is always picked upon.she is very unusual and strange , at least to most people , especially the ones in the book ( story ) . ( but i would say quite frankly that i did n't see here as anybody but a normal healthy teenage girl . ) at the beginning of the story we also see that carrie has her first period while taking a shower at school.she is laughed at and all the other girls throw toilet paper and tampons at her.this is her first big humiliation . ( i am a guy , i know not much about a period , so please forgive my use of the term openly ) anyway , back to the plot:carrie soon realizes that she is psychic.she starts to practice using her powers gradually.it seems as though she had the powers since birth , but the powers were dormant until puberty or at least she was unaware of it . so , so far we see this:a very unusual girl with psychic powers and a stupid mother . the story initially and mostly circulates around these facts but things get a little messy towards the middle and end . allow me.... . it is later revealed in the story that the psychic gift is sort of genetic.carrie 's mother explains alot of things , but she is still a bad mother . ( but i still ca n't hate carries 's mother , because most mothers are sort of protective over their children ) soon carrie gets her first friend sue.sue feels sorry for carrie and helps her to get a date for the prom . this date is tommy ross.. . meanwhile , one of the bad girls , chris , is unable to attend the prom.so , she sets up a nasty revenge against carrie.believe me when i tell you , chris is a very jealous girl and if she ca n't have something , no one else can , especially carrie . so chris arranges a trap for carrie . ( two buckets of pig blood ) she sets it up for the pig blood to fall on carrie 's and tommy 's head while at the prom.. . the plan eventually succeeds . tommy is badly injured . drenched in pig 's blood , carrie is laughed at , for the last time.she runs out of the building.she then remembers her psychic powers and decides to use it for revenge . she starts to close all the doors.she then turns on all the water sprinklers , wetting everyone . but with a combination of water and electricity ( from the appliances ) ....some were electrocuted . eventually a fire gets started.and things start to burn ! she walks toward her home , burning everything within a certain radius of her powers . when she reaches home her mother tries to kill her , telling her that she is the spawn of satan.she eventually uses her powers to stop her mothers ' heart beat , killing her . eventually ( this is the good part of the book ) , while carrie is walking on the streets ( going i do n't know where ) she seens chris and chris 's boyfriend driving towards her , to bounce her . carrie uses her powers to diverge to car , killing chris and her stupid boyfriend . sue eventually catches up with carrie.carrie does n't kill her because she realizes that it was n't sue 's falt but chris's . ( during the battle with her mother , carrie was stabbed , i forgot to mention it , sorry . ) so , now , talking with sue carrie eventually breathes her last breath and speaks her last words and just , dies . ( this is the sad part , i guarantee you that it would bring tears to your eyes , or maybe not ) but this book is definitely good , i recommend it with all my " psychic " powers . enjoy.............this review was written by nigel... . 
books pos 58.txt this book turns the entire concept of intelligence inside out . seriously mind-blowing . excellent exercise in extended mental gymnastics . you wo n't be disappointed 
books pos 469.txt when tom returns w / huck & jim from thier crazy escapeds in huckleberry finn , he 's the center of fame . but when it wears off tom begins to hanker for a new adventure . he found it , all right . trapped in a runaway balloon w / a mad sceintist who wants to commit a glorious suicide is n't my idea of a leisurely summer vacation , but it gets pretty funny 
books pos 398.txt first off , i want to say that i can not believe the audacity some people have in the censure and harsh remarks towards this brilliant young man ! shame on you ! the book its self is great , great use of language , story and wonderful imagination . to be so rediculous as to pull this young man up on grammatical structure and lexical syntax is rediculous ! who cares ! talk about looking for somthing to criticize , this young man brought his dream to life and became a best selling author and even the man behind a full feature major motion picture ! ! ! gee wizz , most would have difficulty reading a novel and getting off their back side to hire a dvd let alone make the whole damn thing yourself happen ! help or no help , he made it work , he is a vital part in the chain and all props to you my friend ! ! ! 
books pos 390.txt polanyi sets forth an incredibly relevant , radical , and all too plausible theory in this book . going beyond a mere analysis of how the market system functions , polanyi endeavors to answer the question as to how the market came about . polanyi 's answer will not be pleasing to libertarians , he argues that a free land and labor market can only come about through government intervention , and must be sustained through further intervention . he also argues that the market ransforms the nature of social relations . usually , economic relations were a result of social relations , under the market , it is the latter . polanyi attempts to show how a market for land and labor came about in britain . his argument that government " enclosures " created it through dislodging the poor and turning their land into sources of economic production is convincing . however , other arguments polanyi advances simply demonstrate a central government repealing the interventions of subaltern governments . polanyi 's argument that there was no " rent-seeking " ( he does n't use that term ) involved in the enactment of state intervion in the economy ( " proving " that this intervention was objectively necessary is suspect . one 19th century investigators conclusions do n't serve to overturn the implications of public choice theory . the greatest problem with this book is that polanyi does n't do too much to back up his arguments . he fortunately has a section called " notes and sources " where he lists his research material , but i 'd wager that most of this is difficult to find 60 years later 
books pos 846.txt i felt that the book was basically the same as the previous edition , with the exception of aromatherapy , and electric filing . unfortionatly no one book can give all of the information that is required about a subject . that is what teaching is all about . i generally supplement the material from other books , and florida law so our students stay on the right path . over all i would have to say that this book was above average , and addressed many of the changes in the industry to date 
books pos 393.txt a surprisingly tiny book . ( the picture in the upper-left corner is nearly actual size . ) after receiving it , i immediately looked up its dimensions in the description on this page . it says 4.7 x 3.3 x 0.6. i had not noticed that before i ordered it . the book seems much smaller than that . not that that is a problem ; it was just somewhat of a shock to find such a minuscule book when i opened the box . i believe it is intended to be carried with you in your pocket or glove box or the locket around your neck so you 'll have a chance to pick out a few choice topics of conversation before you enter a party or whatever . it certainly is not intended as bathroom reading . for one thing , the pages are much too small for emergency tp use . not that i am complaining , mind you . this is a gem of a book with over 200 interesting bits of trivia listed more or less alphabetically from " the amish " to " zero " . ( this is not to imply that the title of each page has much to do with the text , but who cares - the book is fun . ) each page has its stated " fact " and a follow-up paragraph to expound on the subject . also , there are a number of pages randomly strewn through the book with three " instant personalities " each - little tidbits of info about famous people . ( although , thomas jefferson got his own page , as did alfred hitchcock . ) and unlike another trivia book i purchased recently ( bla bla ) , the information here is actually correct . will and mangesh research their topics , not just publish un-provable " facts " gathered from the internet . use the contents with confidence . 
books pos 794.txt this book covers all the elements of game theory , emphasizing intuition over mathematical formalism . the philosophical aspects are also given a thorough treatment . the 8 appendices provide a more formal exposition of several key concepts such as the minmax theorem , the geometry of equilibria and linear programming . the book has not changed much since its publication in 1957 , but it is by no means archaic . even for those who have a modern and more rigorous textbook , & quot ; games and decisions&quot ; is highly recommended as a supplement . there is something for everyone in it 
books pos 570.txt this book provides fascinating details of what life was like for children in colonial america : how they played , what their education was like , what they wore , etc. the information is drawn from such primary sources as letters , journals and school primers . there are a number of pictures as well . i recommend it 
books pos 607.txt if you 're only slightly interested in the ways the evolution works , then this is it . but beware to have some knowledge about the basics of evolution before moving on to this book . there 's a bit of a steep learning curve when you 're not all to familiair with darwin 's brilliant theory . it also gives a nice insight in the way scientists work 
books pos 83.txt wow , wow , wow . get this book ! this has ( just about ) everything you need to be professional . the only thing i did n't like is that most of the resources listed were geared to nyc residents , but there was good direction as to how to locate similar services in your area . i especially liked the opening that deals with how artists are helping to perpetuate their own " starving artist " myth , and the ways to stop that . it made me realize that i am the one standing in the way of my own success ! well , no more- -thanks to caroll- -i am taking all of the steps listed . i wish my graduate school had this information available 
books pos 2.txt i am ordering copies for all 23 middle school principals and the two assistant principals leading two middle school programs in the milwaukee public schools system . we will use wheatley 's book as the primary resource for our professional growth at our mps middle school principals collaborative institute august 9-11 , 1999. we are not just concerned with reform ; we seek renewal as well . wheatley provides the basis . she notes that einstein said that a problem cannot be solved from the same consciousness that created it . the entire book is a marvelous exploration of this philosophy 
books pos 717.txt this full complement of these classic right hand exercises is found in scott tennant 's & quot ; pumping nylon&quot ; , which also provides an appropriate context in which to use giuliani 's studies. . 
books pos 187.txt i chanced upon this book quite by accident.i am a big fan of books which inspire.this may not be a book which is high on the literary quotient , the writing does get rambling and long winded quite a number of times.but whats truly awe inspiring is its straight up from the heart.its quite amazing that someone can go through so many emotions in a lifetime and actually make peace with all thats happened in a lifetime . this book will give you plenty to think about long after you are done with it 
books pos 780.txt if your looking to increase your personal level of joy and harmony in life , implement the teachings of the 3 frames in this book . manny padro salt lake city , uta 
books pos 611.txt this is a terrific cookbook , even for people like me who are not trained bakers . i have succeeded in making three recipes already- -they work great . have a long way to go to try a lot of other really inviting recipes . her book also serves as a great reference for anything chocolate . i was quite impressed with the fact that ms. lonbotham pays an historical homage to chocolate decadence ( page 42 ) as being a seminal contribution to chocolate lovers worldwide . living in berkeley at the time , i well remember what a sensatation it caused . 
books pos 982.txt this is a superb collection and a true tribute to this incredible photographer 
books pos 577.txt a wonderful book . you will meet many charming cats on your jounrey here that will stay with you forever . although this book is only 150 pages , it took me a long time to read it . while many things made me smile or laugh out loud , far too many things made me cry and i had to stop reading and set it aside for awhile . i often wondered if i could even finish it , but i am glad that i did . it is a book that truly touches the heart . 
books pos 121.txt i am a chemistry major and so i really like this book , however when i initially started o-chem , i did get a little intimidated by perusing through this textbook . so i suggest , to people who were in a similar position as me to also have a look at hornback or mcmurry . the text isnt an " advanced " textbook perse ( after a good grounding in the basics for three days , i found this book quite user friendly ) , its organization is completely different to most other o-chem textbooks and its presentation of ideas is purely mechanistic . both of which are ideally good things for chemistry majors who require the quintessential knowledge of structure and its impact on function and reactivity . an examples is that when introducing orbitals , and orbital interaction ; greeves et al quickly go to homo and lumo based discussions and their impact on bonding and antibonding . wade and mcmurry leave this , one of the most important principles in defining nuclephiles and electrophiles till later . a second example would be the appropriate structural implications of nucleophiles and electrophiles with respect to vacant orbitals , lone pairs and charge . these are the things used to identify em . as such , the book isnt fragmented . each chapter has its specific niche topic and thereofore individuals get a complete understanding of various topics and their implications on the overall organic chemistry . chapters are well referenced so if , say you are only interested in nmr then you can skip chapters and read only those pertaining to that subject and yet still get a good understanding . most textbooks act like a stupid monologue , miss a passage and you 'd completely miss organic chem . the chapter on reaction mechanisms is excellant , it actually is better than most primers developed in explaining this concept ( i.e. jacobs ) . however , the organization and the concentration of information within chapters may be daunting to individuals who havent had enough experience in general chemistry . principles of structure and reactivity are assumed knowledge . organic chemistry in most universities are taken by biology and chemistry majors . for individuals who are only doing one unit of organic chemistry ; i would suggest you look elsewhere . a substitute ( a less difficult but equally comprehensive textbook for people lacking experience in chemistry ) is hornback 's which is renowned for its lucid mechanistic explantion of organic chemistry . 
books pos 40.txt this cookbook is the best in my collection - and i have a lot ! ! the instructions are clear and the pictures are great 
books pos 820.txt i bought this together with a " best of " cd , both containing a lot of songs i really wanted to play on the piano myself . that combination has allowed me to hear what vince played while also reading through the music to see just what it is he played . without exception , i 've found the written music exactly true to what vince recorded , including pick up notes , tricky min-maj-min progressions , arpeggios , diminished 9th chords , and what-not , and it has made some previously unapproachable passages much easier to understand . i 've also been able to use the book as a sort of learning tool , getting a feel for what a jazz musician really tries to accomplish when he sits down and plays a piece . i would like to have seen some fingering indications included , and without those , i think some beginners will not be able to do much with this work . and personally , i did n't find the performance notations particularly useful ( " laid back " does n't really convey much to me ) , but like i said , i also purchased a cd of vince 's music , so i already have an idea of what sort of sound i want to achieve . other than those two minor points , i ca n't find anything wrong with this edition . the binding is " lay flat " perfect bound , so the pages stay glued together but pull away from the spine , allowing this book to retain a crisp appearance and feel even after the pages are pulled open on a music stand . guaraldi fans and aspiring jazz pianists will gain a lot from this work 
books pos 489.txt a great book for every usability practitioner . not only did i find the content of this book very informative and very useful , but in particular i liked the structure of the book and found it extremely usable . each chapter contains context information at the beginning of the chapter , an out line of the chapter , summary notes on the side bar for quick review , sample techniques and forms , war stories , estimation of resources required to complete each step , etc this structure makes the book one of the most usable books i have ever used , and therefore one of the most useful companion in designing the user interface 
books pos 953.txt i was introduced to this book while staying with a friend , and i was hooked . i went home and bought it so that i could finish it . i did n't know much about buddhism before i read this book . ms. boorstein 's stories read a bit like the chicken soup for the soul books . she has short wonderful stories that demonstate current day people practicing the buddha 's teachings . you do not need to be a buddhist to appreciate this book ! it 's very inspirational . since this book , i have read several more books to learn about the teachings of buddha 
books pos 900.txt as the name implies , this is about the elements of programming style . the examples are a bit dated ( old languages , not c / c++ / java / the-next-great-language ) . but this is n't a *language* programming book , it is about how to write good programs in any language 
books pos 501.txt this book is pitched , at least in part , to linux beginners . but it fails in small , maddening ways when speaking to this audience . after a lot of discussion of disk partitioning and install , page 65 tells you to run the " man " command in a shell session . it offers no clue that the only way to terminate a " man " command is the letter q - a completely unintuitive action . so a new user can flounder forever , or at least until they get frustrated and reboot . but i do n't mean to slam just this book . that same problem exists in most other beginning linux books , even o'reilly 's pocket guide . all these knowledgeable authors seem to think that noephytes will somehow magically gain access to information that the authors have in their heads , but have n't committed to paper . except for that , it 's a very good book . 
books pos 889.txt the story , walk across the sea , by susan fletcher , takes place at a town near the ocean . white people thought themselves superior to others , especially the chinese . chinese were often looked down upon and shunned , mainly because of their religious beliefs . the lighthouse keeper 's daughter , however , was different from other white people . believing her father 's talks about chinese people in the beginning of the story , the girl , eliza jane , meets a chinese boy around her age . after the chinese boy saves her goat , eliza becomes interested in the boy 's behavior . soon , she learns that everyone may not be as they seemed . this story was rather interesting in a way . the time of the story show how the characters act and think . the story also shows how different some characters are , such as eliza 's father and mother . ( " something moved inside me , like a sudden shift in the wind . " ) eliza was also , in a way , different from other white people . she befriended and showed kindness toward the chinese boy . ( " ` you 'll do him no harm ? i have your word on it ? ' " ) i was also amazed by the twist of the story when the story reveals that the father truly worries about the chinese boy . of all of the stories i have read , i have never found one that was perfect . this story is no different . when the chinese people were driven out of the village by angry white people , i could feel the same shock and anger eliza felt . the story , however , has a few more bad parts . one boy , amos , accidentally broke eliza jane 's nose while trying to find the chinese boy . afraid that he might get in trouble , the boy lied to his father about breaking eliza 's nose . to make matters worse , amos blames the fault on the chinese boy ! ( " i had a mind to shout at him , to tell him to put her down.. . " ) on the other hand , i did not like how eliza acted toward the chinese boy when they first met . when the boy yelled a warning , eliza thought he was trying to scare her off so he could steal her goat . therefore , when the boy was holding the goat , eliza thought that he was taking the goat from her , when what really happened was that the boy saved the goat from a wave . even so , that was not the worst part of the story . ( " ` get you from me , ' he said . ` i ca n't be near you now . get out of my sight ! ' " ) as a father , eliza 's father was expected by me to listen and talk to eliza about her chinese friend , and maybe even understand why she was protecting him . as a result , i was shocked and disappointed in her father when he told her that he did not even want to talk to her ! thankfully , there was nothing worse than this part of the story . ( " terrible things can happen in this world-things you ca n't explain away . it 's not safe here , andrew john . i ca n't promise you 'll be safe . but there are miracles , too-like you . and love . and glories well beyond our knowing . " ) the ending , where eliza talks to her baby brother about life and the chinese boy was my favorite part . it ties everything together and concludes the story about friendship 
books pos 205.txt dr. mark albion is a consistent and heartfelt- -seemingly lone , sometimes- -voice of responsibility and truth in what 's often a cynical , clutching corporate world . i was energized by his first book , " making a life , making a living ( ml2 ) " and empowered by " true to yourself . " albion builds upon the strengths of ml2 in his most recent title with practical , actionable strategies for transforming your business or career into one of real social value . readers walk away with principles they can start executing tomorrow , and a re-calibrated moral compass by which to measure their progress . and albion lives it : while admittedly starting out with some privilege , he bravely walked away from a tenured position at harvard business school ( simply unheard of ) to follow his heart . to this day , albion continues to shun the easy money , and lives his life by the values he preaches . you can practically count on one hand the number of businesspeople out there who truly walk the talk . whether it be the insatiable drive for " more , " or just the rudimentary economics of opening the doors everyday , any business can very quickly shake you free from your social moorings . if you feel like you 've lost your way , or just need some inspirational words ahead of that next challenge , " true to yourself " is the book for you 
books pos 688.txt this is for my daughter-in-law and she was very happy with it . it will help in her work 
books pos 931.txt this is a superb book for anyone who wants to learn more about futures and options , especially with specific examples to energry trading . it is quite easy to read and very understandable for anyone untrained in finance jargon 
books pos 918.txt this is a very thorough , very exhaustive look at the life of the sixth president of the united states , and while it may not be as easily readable as , say , david mccullough 's & quot ; truman&quot ; , it is certainly less dry and slow-going than most scholarly works . if you 're looking for a full-life biography of monroe , one that truly informs you on the subject and does not simply dramatize the story of a historical figure 's life , this is an excellent choice . if you 're looking for light reading with a historical basis , this is definitely not what you 're looking for 
books pos 294.txt this book was great . it read well and never was too slow . it was fair to both sides of the war and the leaders who fought the battles and planned the campaign . it was complete in that it discussed the men , tactics , weapons , and terrain in the southern campaign . not only was this book a great souce for the southern war but it also gave good insight into the revolutionary war in general . if you 're interested in this topic and want to increase you 're knowledge of the southern war , get this book . it 's informative as well as pleasing to read 
books pos 537.txt i 'm not a huge fan of this genre of music , but as a very part-time musician , this book was recommended by a fellow friend and musician . i liked this book alot and found it education and entertaining , even if the subject matter was not of immense interest . this is definitely not the fault of the author , who did a fine job of making this subject engaging . thus , i found the read illuminating to no small degree . i learned alot about the roots of punk , how it spread and rose , and the end of it . by correctly defining the terms of the book " the indie years " , we only see what happens to the bands in their formative years . once they sign with a major label , their story is ended . this was both a good idea and frustrating one , as we see the birth and growth of bands , but not what happens to them ( in most cases ) once they hit a major label . frequently , signing with a major label creates / expands both the zeniths and nadirs for a band and i would have liked to have known what happened from there . regardless , this book is well-written and a great read for any person who likes the bands included in the book . 
books pos 967.txt leah stewart is a talented writer . i read this book after finishing her most recent novel , the myth of you and me ( which i highly recommend ) . this story is dark and chilling . olivia is a young reporter covering crimes in memphis on a hot summer . when the body of girl is found , the case becomes eerily personal for olivia and the lines between professional duty and personal struggles become blurred as she gets deeper into the murdered girl 's story and life . the characters in this novel are deep and well developed , and the sultry atmosphere of a hot summer in memphis is well rendered . i highly recommend this book 
books pos 428.txt while previous guides for the serial drama " lost " have often left something to be desired , the book " finding lost : the unofficial guide " more than makes up for it . nikki stafford 's attention to detail ( and believe me , *all* " lost " fans should have a great attention to detail ) is thus far unparalleled in any other guide book . you name it , this guide book has it . in addition to the usual episode synopsis , stafford provides readers with all the information they can handle , including keeping track of the appearances of the " numbers " , discussing theories , pointing out bloopers and continuity errors , illuminating connections , and just generally proving that she has watched way more " lost " than any of us . in addition to all that , stafford gives the low-down on each of the " lost " cast members , before they became losties . even if you have watched each episode of " lost " 4 or 5 times , and think you have caught every little nuance and clue hidden within it , i guarentee you 'll read this book and discover things you did n't catch , or never thought of . one of my favorite features in this book is the essay that details and explains everything on the " invisible " map that locke briefly gets a glimpse of in season 2 during the episode " lock down " when the blast door comes down on top of his legs , and a black light switches on , illuminating the secret map . bottom line , this book is a must have for serious " lost " fans . it would also be a great aid to anybody who is just now beginning to get into " lost " . 
books pos 785.txt this is the book that trackers and naturalists have needed for a long time . it 's finally here and it 's outstanding ! now when i take apart an owl pellet i 'll be able to determine what the owl was eating , and hence what small wildlife is abundant in that area . and when i 'm out and discover part of a skull from a mammal , bird , amphibian , or reptile , i 'll be able to find what that is too . mark elbrock has done it again : an instant classic , and a book that all trackers and naturalists should have in their collection 
books pos 803.txt peter balakian 's book , " black dog of fate , " tries to be too many things and sadly fails at many of them . in essence , it is an attempt to tell a sort of armenian-american story which i find not overly interesting or compelling . i wish the author had done a bit more in-depth work to learn about his people and their rich heritage before embarking to represent it or explain it or share it with non-armenians , for he has much more to absorb and understand himself first . i find the armenianness in this book to be tentative , unengaged and unconvincing . pity , since the author seems to have a lot of passion in his pursuit of other aspects of his life such as football , the yankees , modern poetry , and exposing turkish attempts to buy ( among others ) princeton professors to act as mouthpieces giving legitimacy to their vile historical revisionism , practiced by the " modern " turkish state and its organs . it seems to be all the rage these days to elevate personal histories and family testimonials into the realm of fiction and novels . the " i " and " we " and " us " occupy center stage and the reader is invited to enjoy the intimacy that must surely be in place via this artifice . but is it realy ? since in order to make this legitimate , the writer must distance himself , at least initially , from all this old world exotica , and like the reader , question their validity or relevance in present day north american society . what are all these old world , old fashioned ghosts and traditions ? , is the first cry of writer and reader alike , only , ofcourse , to be followed by a sharp bank turn where the writer steers the satisfied and in-place reader towards the opposite viewpoint wherein *this* culture and *this* lifestyle become suspect in light of some tentative spotting of cultural wealth that has been traded in or abandoned in order to swim swiftly towards materialistic , memory-free , self-redefining , " comfort " seeking and buying mores . in the balakian tale , one encounters suburbia instead of substance , worldly goods acquisition instead of deep roots that steady the soul , immediate family and relatives running away from their true identities either towards surrealism , the abstract and unemotional , or else towards medicine , respectability and detachment . young balakian observes but never understands " the grandmother " for she is shielded culturally from being able to reach him by her very offsprings who can not and will not instill the armenian identity he will eventually seek but never quite find . their crime is self-denial and a march to the tune of america 's mixmaster piper . " be unlike your past and your future will be brighter , " seems to be what america promises , at the very least . the intermediate generation listens and adopts this credo and peter is left to find out but never quite understand just what cost his ancestors have paid to remain armenian and to preserve our culture before the final denials on new jersey pateos while enjoying , as if to serve sweet irony , full course armenian meals and the mixing aromas of delicacies from the old country every sunday . peter is lost alright , but as the book sadly shows , he remains lost . paraphrasing or quoting ambassador morgenthau does not an armenian genocide expert make . personal family testimonials of the turkish atrocities does not a genocide history make ( for that , read vahakn dadrian 's " the history of the armenian genocide " berghahn books , 1995 ) . episodic accounts can be dismissed by the turks as hear-say and as mere isolated incidents , leading to more harm than good ( for if better evidence existed , the arguement goes , why would anyone resort to such flimsy fare ? ) . for the story to have worked , for the story to have *really* worked , as i would have liked it to , balakian 's life and lifestyle would have had to have changed significantly and his child rearing practices would have had to reflect it , and his relationship with his wife who , like him , is not leading a strongly armenian existence , would have had to have changed , solidifying his roots , celebrating his new found identity , and nurturing the metamorphosis by sustained community involvment and grass roots movement participation which , alas , never appear on the pages of this book . how else to explain the lack of a turning around of the tide of assimilation to which balakian is a grand personal witness , except that the transition has not occured ? the ship of armenianness sails by balakian . he is finally aware enough to be able to identify the ship and wave it goodbye and write about it , but not resolved enough to climb aboard . that is how the book fails and that is how his story fails . this is a story of assimilation and loss with a bit of mid stream self awareness thrown in . for a real story of an armenian finding his roots and letting them take root in his own life and future , read mark arax 's book , " in my father 's name ( simon & schuster , 1996 ) , " where the transition is real and the early youth of disaffection is replaced by a profound adoption of our essence revealed in exquisite frankness and power by mark arax . one can only hope that balakian 's partial reorientation towards our culture and traditions and essence will somehow continue and that some day he will wish to live with a more meaningful attachment to our cause and needs than merely as an able observer ( not withstanding his laudible actions as an april 24th - - armenian genocide commemoration speaker and an exposer of turkish infiltration in the us academic arena by buying spokesmen turned professors who mascarade as unbiased researchers ) . this criticism i direct to the predecessor of this genre of american armenian writing first and to balakian second . i speak here of " passage to ararat " by michael arlen ( hungry mind republication , 1996 ) where a disinterested soit-disant armenian goes to armenia in the 70 's and by the end of the short trip is somewhat more closely touched by this strange people 's woes and dreams . too little , too late , and always detached , is all i can say to these meagre displays of ethnic or cultural reorientation . much more needs to be absorbed before the essence is transmitted to future generations to take and behold . however , i remain hopeful that future transformatory stories and ethnic identity survival stories *will be* written which will show that the tide of assimilation and cultural abandonment are not the only outcome of this experiment of transplanting peoples and cultures to this continent we proudly call our home 
books pos 430.txt timothy hart lost his b-25 over germany in 1942 and is spending the rest of the war as a guest of the third reich in stalag luft 13. in 1944 tuskeegee airman lincoln scott arrives in camp and is promptly accused of cutting the throat of smuggler vincent bedford . the prisoners demand a trial , their jailers agree , and ex-harvard law student hart is appointed to defend scott , who appears inexplicably less than grateful . in fact their german jailers are more helpful to the defense than either scott or the american officers , or so it seems , as scott 's trial for murder progresses against a backdrop of class conflict , racial hatred and world war . atmospheric to the point of claustrophobia , a perfectly paced plot , and one of the few times i 've been completely blindsided by a novel 's climax . ps- -the film adaptation starring bruce willis is truly gagworthy , stay away from it 
books pos 771.txt it 's a beu 
books pos 625.txt this is our favorite baby book for reading with our baby / young child . each of our children , from ages 9 months to three years , has loved this book . we buy this as a gift for all new babies 
books pos 631.txt i 've been a skating fan for many years , and would recommend this book to everyone ! i thoroughly enjoyed the inside look at brian boitano 's career , from start to present . it 's easy to read , so one can browse through it like a newspaper or magazine.....but it 's also stuffed full of valuable information about the technical aspects of skating and the & quot ; behind the scenes&quot ; preparation activities for competitive skaters . the beautiful pictures lend itself to being picked up and enjoyed again and again ! hats off to brian boitano , suzanne harper , and all the people who helped create this treasure for my coffee table 
books pos 134.txt compiled , arranged and edited by sara st. antoine , stories from where we live : the great lakes is a delightful and enthusiastically recommended anthology of stories , essays , and poems drawn from a diversity of talented authors , all of whom are celebrating the richness of daily life and the wilds of the great lakes region of north america . suitable for young readers of all ages , these memorable tales and stories are enhanced with simple black-and-white illustrations to make the land , its creatures , and the people who saw and settled upon it come alive 
books pos 478.txt i intend to have the very first item in this read at my memorial service - which i hope wo n't be soon ! some of this was slightly dated , but always good reading . he had such a unique take on his world and such a down-to-earth way of looking at the goings-on around him . 
books pos 693.txt alien invasion stories have been done to death since h.g. wells gave us the war of the worlds so it is extraordinarily difficult to come with a new slant to this time-honored genre . well , william c . dietz pulls it off with death day and the concluding volume earth rise . what sets death day apart from most of the invasion tradition is , first of all , the invading force being made up of different races . this makes an interesting dynamic and gives the enemy character as their squabbles , in-fighting and fight for freedom ( some are slaves to others ) make for something new , different and engaging . also , using racism amonst the aliens as well as the surviving human population rings a true , and tragic , note . the surviving pockets of humanity withdraw within themselves , close off their borders and horde resources . the aliens favor people of color and place them as overseers as human slaves are forced to work building alien temples on earth . and , sadly , collaborators work with the invading force to control the humans . but the seeds of rebellion have been planted . humans and enslaved aliens are fighting back and this first book sets up an alliance between the enslaved races . all this is interesting stuff and makes for a fresh approach . i enjoyed this book and recommend it highly . dietz is the best sf writer working today when it comes to letting character drive the story no matter the setting . 
books pos 355.txt firstly , i have not seen the film adaptation of ' single white female ' and so this review is n't tainted one way or the other . this book , about the stolen identity of a young woman by her psychotic flatmate , is written is very easy style . characterizations , prose , and dialogue are all straightforward . i can understand why a film was made based on it since the book reads more like a screenplay than a novel . and the book 's " feel " is anything but original . ' sliver ' by ira levin does a better job of capturing the essence of life ( and danger ) in manhattan for a single , white female . still , ' single white female ' is an entertaining read . bottom line : a very enjoyable , suspenseful read that does n't tax the brain . recommended 
books pos 380.txt i have just finished reading & quot ; the power of ethical management , & quot ; and i thought it was well written . in the past few weeks i have read several other books on business ethics and this one is my favorite . it is short and exact with great details on how to improve your corporation as well as yourself . this book not only can be applied to the work place but in your life at home , family , friends , and children . this book has helped me greatly 
books pos 581.txt i 've read a lot of books on real estate sales , but this books is my favorite . jim remley offers comon sense ideas that are easy to implement and are being used by real agents . everyone should read this book . 
books pos 47.txt i read the good doctor 's book eat to live and then bought china study which he talks a lot about in this book . then i bought this book being curious after reading a few other books on fasting and this book wins hands down though i do feel he 's being overly cautious about doing long fasts of more than 5 days without medical supervision to protect himself as people have been doing long fasts for centuries without medical supervision and doing just fine and since finding a doctor in even a large community is rare indeed one is left to do this on their own . being a vegetarian for more than 37 years i became an almost 100% vegan after reading eat to live and have to say that i feel great with more energy and even started reducing anti-depression med i 've been taking for severe depression . yesterday i took my last pill ! all week i 've been emptying my refrigerator in order to start my water fast tomorow . and reducing my one cup of coffee in the norning to none because i remember clerly that awful caffiene withdrawl healache , i 'm going to do 10 days and hoping for 14. i 've done 3 day fast before and one 5 day and that was great . yes , there are some flaws in both books and i wish the good doctor would have made use of a good editor as it 's not as professionally written as it could be and the recipes in eat to live are atrocious with too much canned foods and not healthy organic foods but i 'll forgive him because he got me on the china study which changed my life and his studies and own experience helping people get well are good and inspiring . why am i going on a 10 day detox water diet ? i read randall fitxgerald 's one hundred year lie and that was the catalyst that pulled it all together for me . a detox fast absolutely necessary after my years on earth and after too many years on anti-depressants i 'm keeping dr. fuhrman 's fasting book close by during the next 10 hopefully 14 days for support and encouragement . i did make the mistake of telling my coworkers that i was starting a 10 day fast though the good doctor warned me not to . the comments from them were typical i suppose knowing their health or lack of but i held my tongue . those comments are just like the stupid ones some of the reviewers of dr. fuhnman 's books make along with other nutrituion books . but i thinkof the wisest words , " you are responsible for your own health " and think about my not being able to remember the last time i had a cold and the last flu i had in 1964 and smile . i do n't intend to support the ill-begotten medical-pharmecutical industry . the last time i went to the dr. i promptly firedhim after his continued to badger me into getting manograms . and other tests , i repeated that i eat well etc and he said nutrition had nothing to to do with breast cancer and i just walked out of his office forever . i 'd rather read a book 
books pos 155.txt april of 1865 has been referred to as the month that saved america but april of 1861 may have been just as vital if not more so . it was during this time that washington dc sat completely surrounded by two states that were teetering on the verge of secession . once virginia did leave the union only maryland provided the federal government with a connection to the rest of the nation and it was a tenuous connection at best . abraham lincoln was clearly out of his league in this early stage of the game and he leaned heavily on general winfield scott . for his part , scott was keenly aware of the danger facing washington and began to immediately call for any militia units that could get to dc quickly from loyal northern states . the problem was that these militia units would have to travel through maryland , a slave state that might well consider these yankee troops to be invaders and could easily be pushed into the confederacy by such an affront to state sovereignty . it was also distinctly possible that these militia units might be attacked by not only the people of maryland but also ultimately by the state militia . in the meantime virginia forces had seized the federal armory at harper 's ferry and the gosport navy yard near hampton virginia . rumors are rampant in dc that the virginia militia that had taken harper 's ferry was preparing to move on washington and many in the federal city were in a state of panic . the questions that arise from this drama involve the decision making process on both sides and the ultimate question is of course whether washington dc was ever in any real danger . did the confederacy in fact lose it 's only real chance for ultimate victory during this time period ? david detzer has done an admirable job in this book of not only bringing this evolving drama to life but also of answering these questions in a clear and concise manner . this book reads much like a great historical drama and the author 's writing style is superbly readable . it is rare for the author of a history book to achieve such a sense of drama since the reader usually already knows the outcome . detzer has accomplished this however and although i was keenly aware of what was about to happen at every turn i had a tough time putting the book down . this invigorating writing style is often derisively referred to as popular history but detzer blows the sides off of that old mold by not only offering new information but also keen observations that cut directly to the heart of this eventful period of american history . no hero of american history is spared criticism when criticism is due and conversely even ben butler is praised when his actions merit it . this is the story of those fateful days of april and may of 1861 and it is a story that is well told by this supremely able author . this book is well researched , very well written and the story is told from the point of view of both governments as well as the lowliest private in the pennsylvania militia . it is a story upon which the fate of the united states once turned 
books pos 86.txt this book is another excellant addition to the growing body of knowledge and accessible information on a health problem that plagues many americans . adrenal fatigue and its consequences and causes should become one of the most crucial topics in health maintainance . another excellent book in this vein is dr. j . wilson 's , adrenal fatigue , the 21st century stress syndrome 
books pos 264.txt as with many of the " for dummies " series , controlling cholesterol is a well-executed overview of many issues relevant to cholesterol . author carol rinzler 's light and humorous discussion ranges from a concise description of what cholesterol is , to many of the different approaches to lowering cholesterol and why " target " values for cholesterol can differ in different people . there 's an especially helpful discussion on the effects of various popular diets like atkins ' , sugar busters , and protein power - - pluses and minuses of each . " ten cholesterol myths " in chapter 16 is a great discussion that can help clear up much of the murkiness surrounding cholesterol issues and can help answer many of the questions that i am asked when treating cholesterol in my patients ( in my cardiology practice ) . one criticism : like all books about cholesterol , controlling cholesterol for dummies gives the reader the impression that high cholesterol is the only way to identify risk for heart disease , as well as a means of diminishing risk of heart attack . this is patently untrue , but not really a criticism of this book as it is of the standard thinking on cholesterol . there are better ways ! nonetheless , this book does serve its intended purpose very well : educate the reader thoroughly on the conventional understanding of cholesterol . 
books pos 531.txt i really enjoyed this book . i could pore over the fashions , the interior decoration - it satisfied my desire to see all the details ! at the same time , i got a sense of the passage of time in virginia and vanessa 's lives . read as a companion to any of woolf 's novels , i think the book would also convey a sense of the writing process . it evokes the time and place beautifully , and the text is not intrusive : the images are allowed to take centre stage as works of art in their own right . fine choice , sweetpea 
books pos 59.txt this book clearly , easily teaches the 5 different ways we each relate to one another . it is applies very well to couples ; however , the principles also provide essential insight into relating with children , colleagues.. . anyone ! it makes an excellent group book study or a read-on-one 's own 
books pos 756.txt we are in the last part of the 19th century in this novel , and the wild west has breathed its last . the book is peopled with real legends ( calamity jane , buffalo bill , sitting bull ) and fictional curiosities ( jim ragg and bartle bone - two mountain men , and no ears - an indian with exceptional eyesight ) . mcmurtry relates a sad , elegiac farewell to times past . the ever-interesting characters and their views of the world , which are wise and funny and fascinating , make the novel top-notch in the mcmurtry canon 
books pos 151.txt our book club read this book for our february 2006 selection . it was a really good book , we were all excited about discussing it . mr. johnson sent us discussion questions that really made us think . a few members felt that denmark never loved sierra but saw her more as property . the book definitely has some suprises that you do n't see coming . we really enjoyed the book . sistahs of ebony pages 
books pos 726.txt finally a book just for woman athletes ! i have had sports related injuries in the past and now i know what to do to prevent them . i thought the information was great and presented in a concise and easy to follow manner . i recommend this book to highly 
books pos 118.txt i think halo 2 is more challenging , and its espesialy fun when you invite some buddys to play multyplayer even just 1 on 1 if you get it i would also wait for the multyplayer map pack wich will give you 9 new levels my final word is i hope you enjoy it as much as i did 
books pos 231.txt if you are familiar with the work of strobel , this book will continue to impress you . if you are not however , and would like to know where the author is coming from , i encourage you to read his previous works , " the case for christ " and " the case for faith " so that you might better understand strobel . some people have condemned this book because strobel does n't present the evolutionary side well . i have a few quick observations to make . first of all , he 's a journalist ; he asks tough questions and , for the most part , gets good responses . second , everyone has an agenda , without exception . strobel , and those who he interviews , analyze and break down the views of prominent evolutionists and modern darwinian scientific views . finally , it is clear from the outset that strobel wants to make a compelling case for id . this is not an unreasonable goal . the fact that he does n't interview evolutionists should n't bother anyone , based on his obvious objectives . if you want a book that allows evolutionists and designers to write you want to look into a point-counter point series book . if you want to understand the current id debate and would like to get a real good look at some of the cosmological evidence for a creator , this book is for you 
books pos 591.txt i love these type of memoirs . a person who is not boasting about their skill or having an attitude . simply shares the love of his work and love of his county . all of james herriot 's books are wonderfull . i was introduced to the children 's books a few years ago and just recently started reading his memoirs . love it , some parts were a bit dry but the books still flowed well and drew you back . love the depth of scenery and anicdotes about the area . recommend any book of his 
books pos 603.txt this is for sure a great book , if you have the ability to concentrate for more than five minutes , unlike the majority of the herd , in mean people , of today . if your intrest lies in the substance of this book , read some other review , i 'm only going to tell you that , the ( 1909 ) publication , stinks ; the so called book , is more like a oversized magizine , and the print is about the size of a footnote in the bible 
books pos 814.txt this book started off very slowly for me . i got pretty tired of the gender bending deception - how could she be so stupid as to think he was stupid enough to believe his charade for that long in that close of company ? ? ? once the air was cleared , the book picked up speed and ended quite well . i give the book 4 stars because it did cause me to shed a few tears at one point . all in all , a very enjoyable read . past about the halfway point 
books pos 893.txt i believe this will be very helpful for christian people to understand who god is through the life 
books pos 789.txt there 's no much to say about this book . everything is already said . and it is still the best book in the field . well done , nancy ! ! ! sead malicevic , m 
books pos 637.txt this a beautiful book . it is complete and definitive for reference to italian renaissance art. the photographs are clear and the information is concise . i used this for my graduate italian art history class . i am keeping this book and will not be selling it back 
books pos 827.txt this book is a five star book ! ! ! ! i love it so much ! ! ! partly becuase i like mystery / adventurous books and i would recommend this to all of the people who like mystery / adventure . it is a great book about a great family when everything goes wrong when janie jonhson decides she wants to drink milk and when she looks at the back for the kidnapped kid - she learns too much. . 
books pos 159.txt this book shows in detail how much of the media has gone out of its way to attack the president and how many facts have been distorted in the process . it also provides a rare look at what the president really does with his time and how much effort he puts into his work . if you are looking for a book that labels president bush as a liar or a dummy , this is not the book for you . but it is a superb look at the events of the last year and a half , including the election of 2004. do n't be narrow-minded . i highly recommend it 
books pos 618.txt i liked the book but you also have to consider the end killer.. . is that logical at all ? ? the senator is in his late fifties and so how old is his father ? if he had the senator when he was twenty he 'd have to be 77. is it really reasonable that he 's running around killing people , and setting houses on fire . it was a very unlikely twist to the end . it still was a good book 
books pos 567.txt americans who ca n't name five poets will name allen ginsberg . in this case , that is good since he was one of america 's greatest poets . this book attest to this . i write this review to show disappointment in the publisher who continues to publish the collected works on the cheapest paper next to newsprint . for the next edition , i would like to see , at least in limited edition , a volume printed on quality paper which could last more than a few years before turning yellow . ginsbergs deserves better treatment 
books pos 246.txt lee smolin is a very deep thinker and original physics theorist , ready if needs be , to question cherished assumptions . one is humbled at how fertile his mind is and how he is familiar with the ideas and the research of so many people the book is mainly an account of his misgivings about string theory , where he initially states , as he sees it , the five big problems in physics . in this context , he makes the very important point that since the end of the 1970 's there has not been a single breakthrough in our understanding of elementary particle physics and , in particular , he claims string theory does not achieve such a breakthrough . in making his case against string theory he discusses what string theory has given and shows how it appeared to offer a solution to some of the problems of theoretical physics . but then he builds up his case against the theory . he says that string theory does not reproduce the standard model , probably the most successful theory in physics , but even predicts particles not seen in nature . it did not predict and does not cater for dark energy , nor does it make new precise and falsifiable predictions . in particular he says string theory does not offer a solution to the foundational problems of quantum mechanics . he also notes that here is no complete formulation for string theory . he shows though how the five versions of string theory could be unified if membranes rather than strings were assumed , but notes that this theory , m theory , still remains a tantalizing conjecture . he says hopes for a unique string theory have receded . this reviewer would not dare to comment on his assertions but will say that any assertions he makes , are based on a very thorough knowledge of modern theoretical physics and merit the full consideration and respect of the reader . indeed new ideas are needed in physics as lee smolin says . we are missing something big . there is a feeling though that we are on the verge of that big breakthrough - that something just beyond our understanding at the moment will surface through the ` murk ' into our consciousness and revolutionize our knowledge of nature . the clues are there . to do this , lee rightly says that the sort of people who see through universal assumptions and ask new questions are needed . he also says that progress sometimes requires deep philosophical thinking but sometimes does not . and whether it is ` lateral ' thinking or a breakthrough revolution in ` conceptual ' thinking , new thinking is definitely required . lee concludes his book saying that what he intends to do is just that . he chooses to start with a paper of his on the relationship between quantum and thermal fluctuation . a good choice perhaps . i strongly recommend that anybody who is interested in physics and the current problems and mysteries in the area to immediately buy this book , if they have not already done so . 
books pos 413.txt a great great novel ! catches you from the beginning and does n't let go . you become obsessed and engrossed . collins has the most gorgeous way of writing....drawing you in . and his descriptive ability is astounding 
books pos 188.txt this book has been golden for two of my undergrad communications classes and is turning out an invalvuable reference for my graduate level comm class , which the professor is teaching from a variety of books . it is very easy to understand and the best part is it covers all the rigorous math . it could be more rigorous with the math in some cases . still it is such a broad and complete coverage of all important topics it will serve as your comm encyclopedia . 
books pos 658.txt this is a wonderful overview of a critical sector of the western front . across the region known as flanders , three particularly brutal battles were fought during the first world war with a horrendous loss of life suffered for minimal territorial gains . this book provides enough information about these battles to be informative yet unlike many military histories it avoids becoming boring because it is not overly detailed . it also discusses the battles from all perspectives including the high ranking politicians , the often inept generals but especially from the viewpoint of the poor infantrymen who suffered incredible hardships including shelling , bombing , machine gun fire , gas attacks and wretched weather conditions . in addition the author has a wonderful approach to writing making the book a very absorbing read that is difficult to put down . it is a shame so many historians , including such military writers as david glantz , do not emulate groom 's style 
books pos 653.txt fantastic pop up book ! easy to keep the preschool children 's attention when telling this story 
books pos 525.txt this is a great book to have in your collection if you 're a fan of blues music and history . by far , it 's not the only book out there . there are a number of notable artists this book is missing . hopefully , future editions of this book will begin to fill some of the gaps . that being said , this is a very good reference just the same 
books pos 141.txt " the great locomotive chase " is the stuff of legend . this somewhat obscure event , which commemorated the first anniversary of the first shots on fort sumter , could too easily be written off among civil war devotees as a lark , a foolhardy distraction from the inexorable march from shiloh to the seven days , to second manassas , to the three more years of bloodletting that were required in order to form a more perfect union . but first-time author russell bonds does a masterful job of taking this adventure story on its own terms , telling it well , and placing it in its proper context . the raid itself is a gripping story of intrigue , espionage , and derring-do . and if mr. bonds had only told the tale itself , this book would be well worth the read . but what sets this distinguished this book apart from so much civil war writing is mr. bonds 's ability to tell this gripping tale objectively , while putting it in its proper context . the author sets the table with a relatively brief yet thorough overview of the strategic arrangement of the war nine months after first manassas . and by doing so , and by explaining why the raid , coupled with the deep penetration of general ormsby mitchell into tennessee and north alabama , offered the fleeting chance to cut the confederacy in two and thereby hasten the end of the war , mr. bonds gives the otherwise reckless lan of the raiders its proper place . andrews and his raiders were not off on a lark , even though students of the era will have the natural reaction , " what were they thinking ? " mr. bonds answers that question , and the answer , as incongruous as it may seem , reminds the reader that there was so much more to the great war than the epic battles of the armies of the potomac and northern virginia . if the author had done nothing more than told the story of the great raid , reconciling contemporary accounts that were so often embellished , this would be a wonderful adventure story , in the great tradition of shelby foote 's narrative history of the war . but this book does so much more . it puts the raid in its proper strategic context , and it tells the story of the gallant raiders after the raid itself failed . this book will satisfy both the devoted civil war critic and the general reader who loves a historical tale well-told . 
books pos 427.txt this was a fabulous resource for understanding the evolution of the marian cult . the one weakness of this book is that it did not deal with the pre-christian origins of the marian cult . other resources , however , cover the evolution of the anatolian fertility cult of cybele into the roman magna mater and later into the so-called & quot ; bvm&quot ; . the author does a good job of showing the origins of various aspects of mariology and contrasting these developments with christianity in the west . the author has done a great service to those who wish to more fully understand the syncretic process which blended christianity with various pagan religions and medeival political structures to create the roman catholic church 
books pos 352.txt i requested this book for my college music class . i saw many offers from b&n and other book stores and i found amazon having the best price and received the book on time . the book was in great condition and my fellow students were surprised when they heard the price and the shipping response . i totally recommend this site and book for school . the book was comprehensible and well illustrated . 
books pos 322.txt it does n't sound like the people you list as reasons " not " to read this book , actually read " this " book . there is a big difference , in my opinion , of putting positive affirmations in your mind , versus a witch doctor . and quite honestly , it seems the positive affirmations could and should be used in " conjuction " with medical care . does it say anywhere in the book to forego medical care , because you will most definitely be healed ? no where . so in my opinion , one has to have a " sound " mind , and not view the book as a " cure all " for all the ills in life , but rather a positive way to " enhance " your life . it is just plain stupid to to avoid getting medical care , when you have a terminal illness , or any other illness for that matter . but according to what i gather from the book , you can use positive affirmations , and " believe " that you are getting well , to help keep yourself in a positive state , rather than filling your head with negative thinking that you will never get well . studies aside from this book have proven that a healthy and positive attitude and mental outlook , have done wonders for recovering patients , along with their medical care . your review did not address any of those people that read this book , because the two examples of people you list , it is apparent they did n't read the book either , ( not sure what compelled you to post here ? ) therefore you are not qualified , in my opinion , to critique this book , as they were using apparently some form of faith healing from a televangelist , did they prescribe drinking snakes blood , too ? anyway , this book in no way says to forgo medical treatment if you are sick , and those that do , probably wo n't be addressing their medical problem . can the positive affirmations and power of suggestion help you through your medical crisis ? i imagine it can , ( studies prove it can ) in addition to proper medical treatment . anyway , you might want to actually read the book , instead of making comments of what happened to " so and so " who did n't even read it or apply it , including yourself . 
books pos 873.txt in self-hypnosis for women c . alexander and annellen simpkins have created an instrument , a book and cd combination tailored to both the novice and the familiar practitioner of hypnosis . the simpkins have masterfully crafted this guide to self-guidance weaving explanation and experience throughout the written and spoken words . provided are tools useful in addressing a wide array of events familiar to most on the journey of being human . while true to its title , self-hypnosis for women , offering examples of utilization directly fashioned to " experiences " idiosyncratic to women : menstruation , pregnancy , labor and delivery , and menopause , the title of this work belies its more universal " applicability " to components of life common to both women and men : self image ; pain management ; overcoming fear and anxiety , and finding personal balance . the book is prefaced with instructions on gaining the most benefit for individual readers . those who may wish to skip over the more basic instructions are advised to begin their journey in later chapters . those who are new to the practice of hypnosis , or enjoy viewing the history and techniques from others ' perspectives are offered just that in the earlier chapters . the story of hypnosis , and the modern history and research of hypnosis take the readers back to the early stages of identified systematic trancework , from mesmer , charcot and freud , to the contributions of hilgard , hull , and milton h . erickson ; they then procede to accompany the participant on the journey through current and future directions , including their own paths , on which they are about to embark . the simpkins define suggestion as " a process by which a stimulus is accepted and then transformed through unconscious processing into an action , experience , attitude or concept . ( p.45 ) " this presentation of suggestion sets the stage for an environment conducive to the development of a personal ability to self-guide . together , the book and cd promote the utilization of both conscious and unconscious processes as learning tools , assisting in the transformation from less popular emotions such as fear or sadness to components of life which offers guidance and assistance . specific hypnotic techniques , are explained , and accompanied by exercises which give the audience an immediate opportunity to begin experiencing and tailoring that procedure . the framework for these exercises is the suggestion of an " experiment " with that particular technique , creating an environment for the learner to safely attempt each new activity with no possibility of failure . the only opportunity not offered is that of incompetence . there is only a place to try , adjust , and retry each experiment until the reader fashions their own skill set based on personal significance and comfort . more than a " bonus " the accompanying cd is a work of art on its own . again , mixing explanation with experiential learning , this auditory tool incorporates fractalization as a teaching method , to assist the listener in entering and returning from graduated levels of trance exploration . a vast canvas is provided , upon which the hypnotic partner can create motor , auditory and visual experiences with encouragement and assistance , rather than direction or interference , a respectful approach not always found in " self-hypnosis " recordings . sharon mclaughlin ma , managing editor , milton h . erickson newsletter 
books pos 55.txt if you like math , i guarantee you 'll like this book ! the author starts out with some very nice infinite sums from 17th and 18th century mathematics ( newton , leibniz , the bernoullis , and euler 's gamma function ) . he continues into the 19th century with riemann and lebesque integrals , weierstrass ' pathological functions , cantor 's set theory , and winds up with baire 's category theorem . reading this book is like taking a guided tour through real analysis ( = calculus of one real variable ) with the math prof you always wished you had . its only prerequisite is a working knowledge of calculus ; the main points are explained very clearly , so the reader can skip through the book or fill in the details , and will learn a lot , either way . the book is very well written , and a great pleasure to read ; i highly recommend it , for students , fans , and teachers 
books pos 173.txt carlton mellick the 3rd 's " punk land " ( a pseudo-sequel to his 2001 novel " satan burger " ) wastes no time in getting straight to the story . it is set in an alternate heaven for punks , where sid vicious is god and you are judged for entry not by st. peter but rather a number of gate attendants who decide whether or not you are punk enough . mellick 's trademark off-beat humor and sideways take on religion is ever-present , along with a slew of philosophical ideas mixed with a juvenile sense of mischief . although it is a sequel , it stands completely on it 's own . fans of satan burger will appreciate the references and the continued story of nan and mortician , but new readers are n't left wondering about a back story . and anyone with even a slight interest in punk rock or punk culture will be in well , punk heaven , with all the references to punk history and culture and appearances by icons including g.g. allin , henry rollins , and johnny rotten . the book is also full of illustrations , diagrams , photos and lists , which help to give it a wonderful multimedia type feel . you 'll find yourself torn between finishing the paragraph you 're in and jumping directly over to the flier for the " pbr pogo joust " advertised on the next page . this is a great book , a sublimely goofy sort of work that is effortlessly good but never takes itself too seriously . highly recommended for anyone who likes mellick 's work , but even more so for anyone who has never read any of his books . this is a great place to discover the works of a young , groundbreaking author who is only getting better with time 
books pos 927.txt this book is lovely , the perfect " medicine " for our hectic lives in this constantly-changing world . it has a lot of information packed in , yet is presented in a clear , straightforward manner . as i read the book , many things about my life and the way i react to change fell into place for me , and this book gave me not only new insights about myself , but also practical , positive ideas for better ways i can deal with change in my own life 
books pos 933.txt this was a book that finally answered my wife 's questions . she is a theologian ( main stream , liberal . evolution is ok ) and deals with science and religion frequently . she kept asking me of my biochemical research " is it predictive ? " . what she was asking was from my studies in protein structure could i predict the taj mahal ? i mumbled a great deal during those conversations . in this book mayr give voice and coherence to the chaos that is biology . it is not the science of physics , where one equation rules all . choices , and accidents happen , and they shape future development . that is who we are . i recommend this book to anyone really interested in what biology is , and what is can say about how it has arrived in this place and time . duke ou 
books pos 197.txt first off , i loved the book cover - spine and all- - one of my all time favorites . it 's what first attracted me to this book amongst the other forward-facing covers on the store 's front table . then the title , i loved that just as much . both share the characteristics of being straightforward , to the point , and revealing . both are perfectly simple . i read most the essays and came to think that a . this guy really does his homework and b. he has a vocabulary more voluminous than the decimal numbers of pi . i constantly begged for my dictionary . it 's probably what gets him the press i knew before i picked this up : an intellectual snob . i guess he got that from the oprah incident . but i also guess that there 's lots of worse name calling that can happen to anyone in their career . what 's up with this culture that it 's so unacceptably horrible to be labeled an intellectual snob and so enviously warming to be called a pop culture icon ? the attraction to franzen 's work is that he investigates and reveals - in a binary way : he 's researching facts , he 's listening to feelings ; he 's processing both to give an opinion . the best example of this is my father 's brain in which he relates the alzheimer induced decomposing of his father 's brain . there is lots about the history and science of memory in this essay ; as much as there is about how a family discovers and lives with its loss . reading it you sympathize , you empathize and you learn . equally as insightful are : lost in the mail - a look into possible reasons behind chicago 's underperforming mail system the reader in exile - a great reflection on the intellectual and emotional fruits of reading first city - a historical and pensive piece about what pulls us towards cities meet me in st. louis - a piece that shares the two-sided feelings in a trio of situations ( including the oprah incident ) . 
books pos 281.txt this book still does not address many areas i find interesting in james brown 's career but i find it a natural companion to the three other jb books in my collection : cynthia rose 's " living in america : the soul saga of james brown " ; geoff brown 's biography " james brown " ; and ofcourse , the brown / tucker " the godfather of soul - james brown " . all three dig deep into this metaphysical musician 's mind but this one has a stronger narrative , a bit less guarded : his late ' 80s fall is described in a more contrite way , for example . his scientific study of his audience is perhaps something new in his dialogue - but he broaches the subject of how music motivates women in a different way than it does men , then immediately moves on to the next thought . even by 2005 standards his live albums contain some of the most overt sexuality , obviously directed at the female fans , ever recorded . similarly , his admonitions to admonishes contemporary rap / hip-hop artists are eloquent but must be deemed a bit self-righteous : there is alot of " adult " content in his catalogue which ca n't be explained away as " art " . however , fans can trace his development into more " cerebral " music , with more and more sensitive ballads and socially-conscious tunes being produced from the late ' 60s on . i was happy to read his description of little richard 's assistance in his early career , but a bit disheartened when he suggested that penniman was basically a rock and roll raver - i find it hard to believe that this publication brought out his true feelings about his georgia neighbor - the influence is quite obvious and not just on " chonnie on chon " . another depressing ommission is with marva whitney , his popular lead female vocalist from c . '67 to ' 70. a recent documentary reveals that marva traveled to vietnam with the star but here he simply says that he was only allowed to travel with a small part of his musical backup . despite the above concerns , with this book james brown has shown the literary world that he is a writer . ofcourse this was obvious to the musical world - just listen to " do n't be a drop out " , " i do n't want nobody to give me nothing " , " the man in the glass " , " i 'm not demanding " , " it 's christmas time " , and " peace in the world " 
books pos 288.txt i just recently discovered an interest in philosophical thought , and i found myself overwhelmed by all the resources available to me . i had no idea where to start when i stumbled across the philosophy gym . nothing could have been more appropriate . it dives right into all the hot topics and gave me some foundational knowledge about how to approach those issues from a logical standpoint . it introduces the reader to basic philosophical terminology as well as several of the great historical philosophers and their famous arguments . each topic is brilliantly presented in nice bite-sized chunks with suggestions for further reading at the end of each chapter . i could n't be more pleased with this intro to philosophy 
books pos 166.txt i am married to a native new yorker and we spent an entire weekend looking over this book and talking about many of the wonderful places it mentions , many of which we still visit today . as an extra bonus for avid cooks , there are recipes . for anyone who remembers luchows or any of the other venerable , now closed restaurants the book mentions , it will take you back to happy times and good memories . it 's an excellent book and clearly schwartz has poured a great deal of research into what is his labor of love . 
books pos 878.txt i am a huge thomas hardy fan , and i was not disappointed with this book . at first all the technical astronomical information was slow , but the love story started and that was forgotten . my only complaint about two on a tower is the ending . it seems very rushed - everything comes crashing together in about 10 pages . it was n't realistic for viviette to age so much and no longer be beautiful 4 years later , considering she was only 33 at the end of the story . sir constantine was possessive , jealous and terrifying but she still kept her health and beauty after suffering with him . the bishop was full of himself - how is that worse ? a few years with him and all of a sudden she 's an old woman with a heart condition ? swithin comes back and says he 'll marry her , she 's overcome with joy and boom ! she dies in his arms . i also find it strange that neither swithin or viviette acknowledged that the boy was his . did n't people in the village realize who he looked like , since people were already suspicious of the lovers ? what will happen next , swithin takes his son in and marries tabitha lark ? a very good , sad , complicated romance 
books pos 145.txt ' the interface between the written and the oral ' is a comprehensive look at the development of writing in general and alphabets in particular , oral poetry in ancient greece and modern africa , oral transmission of ( written ) vedas , the impact of writing on recently oral cultures in west africa , and the impact of writing on our own abilities of thought and organization . perhaps the most disheartening , but nonetheless informative section , deals with the counterintuitive measures that social scientists have come up with to measure the impact of literacy . they seem to be lacking in common sense . goody , however , is full of common sense , and this book is excellent reading 
books pos 268.txt digital photography is a fast-moving target , and this book manages to keep abreast of the latest changes with valuable information that 's vital for anyone doing digital photography . it explains all the key concepts clearly and completely , with lots of advice on getting the best photographs with any type of digital camera . i would have liked additional coverage of digital slrs , but i have found that elsewhere , and still prefer complete digital photography 's treatment of the broader topics 
books pos 71.txt this is a wonderful book , aimed at helping the struggling new mom with the all-too-often misunderstood post-partum depression symptoms . while i am thrilled that such a renowned star is willing to share her story for the benefit of others , i urge brooke shields to re-consider a comment she made recently . she indicated that while she knows now that post-partum depression is real and requires treatment of both medicinal and therapy support , ...she does not believe that adhd exists nor that it requires the same level of support . it is essential that such public figures realize that what they have experienced is not the only form of reality . thousands suffer with adhd in ways that interfere with their livlihood , schooling , relationships and self-esteem issues . studies have shown this challenge to be as real and as debilitating as post partum depression . so please , brooke...do n't deny the realities of other maladies , simply because you have n't experienced them . you of all people should realize how frustrating it is to have your challenges blown off by others . your " voice " is heard loudly . your message must be correct . thank you 
books pos 715.txt this town feels so typical at first - - the suburban couple , husband with misc . job and wife who 's good at parties . the gem in cheever 's writing is to render these people and their neighbors with the true unique humanity and quirks we all possess . sometimes cheever 's work can seem stereotypical , everyone drinking gin and having weird suicidal urges . this book , though , is a masterful blend of truly normal people and the creepy backstory that lives next door 
books pos 866.txt set in a german village reminiscent of grimm 's fairy tale world this book will quickly have readers under it 's spell . this tale within a tale within a tale concerns a young clockmaker , karl , who needs to create a figure for the great clock of glockenheim to mark the end of his apprenticeship . time is running out for karl and he is fretful because has not yet made the figure . at this same time fritz , a young storyteller is telling his latest spooky tale to the villagers . fritz launches in to a very mysterious tale of a prince , who it is disovered at his " death " is actually kept alive by clockworks rather than by a heart . also in fritz 's story is a stange man named dr. kalmanius . when this highly unusual man is described by the storyteller an identical man suddenly appears . the stunned audience quickly leaves . as the others leave this strange man approaches karl and presents him with the needed clock figure " springing " fritz 's tale alarmingly to life . as always philip pullman creates a vibrant and engaging cast of characters who will leave an imprint on the reader 's memory . the illustrations by leonid gore capture both the fairy tale spirit and the horror under the surface . this is a quick but original and engaging read that will appeal to both horror and fairy tale fans . do n't miss it 
books pos 779.txt miles vorkosigan 's cunning plan is to court the widow ekaterin . unfortunately the only way he knows how to take on projects is through military precision . miles is an idiot . mark vorkosigan 's cunning plan it to create a new enterprise using " butter bugs " , a genetically engineered bug that produces an edible tofu like substance . [miles calls it " bug vomit " ] mark wants to help kareen kouldelka earn her way back to a beta colony school where he and she can continue exploring their relationship without cultural impediments . ivan vorpatril 's strait forward plan , [ivan is n't known for ' cunning ' , ] is to propose to the lady donna . lord dono has something to say about that . lord dono has a cunning plan . but who the heck is lord dono ? ? surround the whole story with the pending marriage of emperor gregor and the lady laisa , and the vor are dropping like flies on bug butter . this vorkosigan adventure has no military campaigns , no threats of death , [well...not really.] it does have all of the intrigue and mess-pionage that you could expect with the over abundance of cunning plans . you 'll suffer for miles , and then cheer at the inevitable outcome . ekaterin is no shrinking violet ! do n't mess with her ! a civil campaign is a terrific read ! [a previous reviewer commented on the cover 's inaccuracy in depicting mile 's stature . actually i believe the couple on the cover are meant to be emperor gregor and the lady laisa . it 's their wedding after all . if that 's the case then the cover would be okay.] shards of honor barrayar {hugo winner} the warriors apprentice the vor game {hugo winner} cetaganda brothers in arms borders of infinity mirror dance {hugo winner} memory komarr -a civil campaign - {this review} diplomatic immunity 
books pos 572.txt i have purchased several biological coloring books in the past and use them all regularly in my 7th grade life science classroom . adolescents still need color and they learn as they are doing it ! this is just another fantastic resource for me to use with them . now that our state standards have changed and include evolution in more detail , i am certain that this will be very valuable 
books pos 498.txt the book is complete brand new and i got it very quickly after the order even with the free shipping service . in addition , the price is pretty good for the book with such a good condition . 
books pos 321.txt thankfully , this is not littered with platitudes and meaningless anaologies , the hallmarks of 99% of the latest-and-greatest business books . especially since it was written in 1999 , moore 's is an incredibly insightful and prophetic book on strategy for the high-tech industry . he was predicting cutting edge changes then that are coming into reality today in 2005. the book is much more descriptive than prescriptive though , and is best used as a tool to instigate discussions about corporate strategy , rather than as a checklist for strategic implementation . i help run an online software development company and although it is n't exactly " high tech " i still found the vast majority of it very helpful and the rest of it fascinating . market shifts are demanding broadband wireless internet everywhere- -free . companies are shifting towards web-basing software applications . all very relevant to my business . the book is well written , an easy and moderately fast read , and very accessible by anyone who is technology-savvy enough to at least hold an email address . yes , buy it . buy the paperback and save money . short synopsis : in the infancy of a market , products need to be highly tailored to meet the psychological and technical needs of leading edge techno-geeks ; nothing new here . when a company wants to take that product and make it marketable to the middle majority- -where the biggest money sits- -it requires a commitment to discipline and shift its strategy in order to do so . the emphasis shifts intially to identifying a single niche segment and creating a comprehensive , tailored product , that meets all of their needs- -create the " whole product " by using partners and 3rd party services to patchwork the thing together . then , stop tweaking the product . if that works , pick related niches and go after them the same way , creating the " whole product " for each of them . once people at large are comfortable enough to make the paradigm shift for that market ( this all deals with new , high-tech changes ) and start doing so en masse , the strategy must completely shift again to a ship-first / fix-the-product-later mentality in a mad , market share scramble . at this phase , you are " in the tornado . " lots of examples of successful and abysmal strategies used by high tech companies whose names are familiar to everyone , at each stage mentioned above . 
books pos 778.txt " the climb " was written by bourkeev and dewalt as an answer to krakaur 's " into thin air " . while not showcasing the same prose as krakaur 's book , i feel that this is utlamitely better . my reasoning for this opinion is that " the climb " seems like a much more fair and unbiased account . bourkeev does not resort to playing the blame game ; he simply tells the story as he experienced it . krakaur , it seemed to me at least , relied to heavily on assumptions , and we all now what happens when you assume ( hint : you make an _____ out of you and me ) and came off as very arrogant and ( for some reason ) took a feverious dislike to bourkeev and lopsang . thought not as well written as " into thin air " , " the climb " still managed to draw me in fully , although some parts of the book are a little confusing , mainly the interview with bourkeev about his single handed rescue of three striken climbers who otherwise would have surely perieshed . this interview was conducted in english , the only problem with that is that bourkeev 's english is not very strong ! it is passable and most of the time you can understand him but in other parts it is very hard to dechyper . dewalt tries to help by adding " translations " about what bourkeev is saying but i felt the interview should have been caried out in bourkeev 's native tongue of russian and then translated into english . to not have done this is a great injustice to bourkeev . if you want to read a fair and unbiased book about the may 1996 everest tragidy that was written simply to tell the truth and not to play smeer tatics and make money ( as krakaur 's clearly was ) , read this . i really recommend you read both books , though and also check out the imax movie " everest " . 
books pos 599.txt this is the best invertebrate zoology textbook on the market , perhaps the best ever written . the authors are not content to merely present in fine detail the classification , anatomy , physiology , behavior , and ecology of invertebrates , they present alternative interpretations and controversial opinions where these topics are concerned . in that way , invertebrate zoology comes alive as an active , important , and relevant field of study for understanding the ecology and evolutionary relationships of these organisms in a global setting . i highly recommend this book for a course of study or as a reference for earth science instructors who wish to solidify and deepend their knowledge and understanding of invertebrates 
books pos 584.txt the title of this book is rather deceptive in that you certainly do n't need to be adventurous or daring to find this book helpful . i do sedate landscapes and found his book an excellent guide . basically , if you do the least bit of original design in your work - altering an element or two , changing colors around - or if you do whole original works ( but have n't actually gone to art school ) this book is extremely useful . it covers the basics of design and color with a focus on the embroiderer or fiber artist . you can do all the suggested activities in the book in order as a complete design course , or pick and choose sections as needed . if you wonder why some of your works look great and others look , well , not as great , this book is for you 
books pos 445.txt this is not a fad diet . this is a simple , straighforward and helpful guide on how to eat . puhn 's style is friendly and upfront . i read this book over two years ago , and my eating habits will never be as random and damaging as they used to be , because the principles described are easy to implement . great book 
books pos 921.txt roman , by roman polanski is a very good book . it is very touching about his memories of his late wife , sharon tate and their short life together . roman lost his wife and unborn child in 1969 by the manson group . he had a very hard life in poland during wwii . he lost both his parents during that time , but he grew up to be a world famous director . the book tells about his struggles during these times , and also during the period after the deaths of his wife and child . he tells about his hollywood days of directing , his famous friends , famous people and then what turned out to be his downfall...with the teenaged girl acusing him of sexual contact and him being arrested . to avoid persecution , roman left the united states and has been in exile in france ever since , but still directs and has released more movies . but , the book is very well told , and gives a good insite on roman 's life and his career 
books pos 482.txt i have used this book for more than 5 years and take it with me on every trip to paris . if you ca n't get success from these recipes then you might consider some other past time than baking . get used to baking with weights and this book is perfect . something as simple as a madeleinne is created perfectly in weight measures but just a shot in the dark when using volume measurments . this book is not exactly for beginner bakers but if you have some experience it is fantasti 
books pos 600.txt peck relates growing up in rural / small town vermont with a best friend who gets him into lots of trouble . humor and pranks abound in between lessons learned 
books pos 526.txt like many of the other reviewers here have already stated , this is a book to be read by everyone ! i am not a reader of westerns but i loved this book . after 800 pages i was never so sad to see a book end . " lonesome dove " has a little of everything , drama , action , humor , and a few love stories to boot . there are few books that have made me laugh or cry like this book did . by the time your are done you will have new friends woodrow , pea eye , claire , lorena , but especially gus mccrea . and you will also have some new villains particularly the frightening blue duck . i ca n't recommend a book any more than this one 
books pos 725.txt ( 3.75 ) the other reviews can reveal what this book is about . what i wanted to share is the extreme responses this book incited in my boyfriend and me . he alternately found himself loving the narrator , yuriko 's sister , for her brutal honesty and hating her for her malice and psychological bullying of kazue . meanwhile , i found myself rooting the narrator on as she spoke the cruel truth about the pitiful hopelessness of kazue 's meritocratic dreams , but a moment later i wondered if that made me a bully myself or as bitter and heartless as the narrator . perhaps it reminded me too much of what i had seen growing up to shock me . then , there was the simultaneous hilarity and pain of kazue 's cluelessness . was she a tragic figure , blind , or both ? i admired kirino for inspiring me to feel so much for her characters , even for yuriko , who is certainly not the ditsy airhead her older sister wants us to believe she is ( i also found it hard to believ she was as ghastly as she considered herself in her 30s : is it just because women past 25 in japan are regarded as christmas cake , as a friend from japan says ? ) . my attention was quite strained by zhang 's tale of chinese hardship ( it seemed the wrong book to educate the reader about how difficult it is for immigrants in japan ) , but i immediately forgave kirino when yuriko 's older sister admitted herself zhang 's account was tedious and could be skipped ( i 'd recommend others to skim it as well ) . again , my patience was tested by kazue 's journal : i just kept on thinking , are n't you ready to die yet ? but i see this was intentional on kirino 's part , to make the reader struggle between our ( or my ) wanting kazue to just give up on life and our feeling ashamed for our coldness and complicity in her bullying . it also made my boyfriend and me think concurrently of the people we loved in our own lives who were heading towards the same fate as kazue and yuriko , not through prostitution but through drugs . what did disappoint me in the end was the last chapter , which seemed a cop-out . if only an editor had suggested it was unconvincing and encouraged her that an alternative , though more shocking , would be more in line with the narrator 's character , but that is wishful thinking on my part . when i give this book to others , which i will , i will make sure to discuss with them , when they 've finished , what they thought of the ending . this book could have been edited down a hundred pages ( back when it was written in japanese ) , but for what it did offer , i have no regrets for its consuming my attention entirely and will always look forward to further translations of kirino 's books . this book may not be the masterpiece " out " was , but for anyone who has gone to an elite school on scholarship , striven to remain a petite zero , wanted to excel while recognizing how off-the-mark our values of judgment are , or wondered just how much her body could be worth , reading " grotesque " is just as powerful an experience as reading " out " was 
books pos 175.txt music and culture are discussed , not with the usual artistic focus , but with a healthy blend of science and sociology added to the mix . is music a luxury , an art , or a biological need ? william benzon 's beethoven 's anvil explores links between music and brain functioning , using the history of music and its evolution to draw some important arguments about music 's importance to brain functioning as a whole 
books pos 434.txt this is a great book i love it and its very interesting ! great information and pricing 
books pos 287.txt as a history major ( undergrad ) and former high school history teacher , i marvel at crichton 's ability book after book to research a topic down to the bone then flesh it out in an utterly believable and compelling way . for this reason the great train robbery is for me my favorite crichton work , even though it may lack the polish of jurassic park or congo or one of his more recent books . tgtr takes us to 19th century london and gives us a plausible behind the scenes look both at the masterminding of this incredible train robbery , as well as life in general in 19th century london . so often history books give names , dates , connections , but leave one with the question , " yes , but what was it like ? " crichton answers this better than any book i ever read on the sheep enclosure act or most any other dry text . some of it may be fanciful , but it certainly seemed as well supported as many another full blown history text . at any rate , i highly recommend this book for any crichton fan , master criminal fan , or interested history student . the main character , whose name escapes me , alone is a grand study and reminiscent of a larger than life character from a hugo or dumas novel . very fascinating and rapidly moving . 
books pos 132.txt wonderful text . helps to rationalize and boost understanding on why cubans living in miami have such foreign behaviors in the eyes of the outsider . the author takes you by the hand , and walks you step by step . absolutely wonderful and did an excellent job at steering clear of any bias 
books pos 342.txt this book is a gem that is filled with ideas from many of the best speakers in the world . what a great resource ! it is my favorite book now for ideas on how to be more & quot ; impactful&quot ; in my message to the audience . this reminds me of one of my other classic favorites , think and grow rich . i 'm ordering another copy for a friend today 
books pos 425.txt it is , in my opinion , the second best anne book ! its anne 's wedding ! the whole thing is soaked in romance ! leslie 's story is so amazing and sweet that you have to love her . captain jim is so sweet and perfect , you can nearly see him . miss cornelia is funny and susan is great . anne has to deal with tragedy and joy that makes the books so wonderful . the only thing i do n't like , is that i wish marrilla and all the avonlea people would be in it a little more . in my opinion , this should be where the series ends 
books pos 828.txt this is a great book to have on your shelf . lots of good recommendations for a beginner quilter 
books pos 851.txt the book arrived in a timely fashion . the photograply was beautiful . however , i found it to be a coffee-table book rather than a text book which i needed 
books pos 21.txt college stoner cult following aside , hunter s . thompson 's journalistic prowess was a vital national resource up until he left us last february . thompson was one of those brave few who dared to cut through popular media perceptions and glittery rhetoric and travel right to the ugly center of his subject material , counjouring hilarious allegories where the average journalist would already have soiled himself in disillusionment . on the campaign trail should be required reading for all those who hold a less skeptical view of american politics than say , the average wwe heavyweight title match , for a truly sane person should be no more shocked to hear of a politician lying or cheating to increase his presidential hopes than when the undertaker strikes his opponent with a steel chair when the referee turns his back . hunter has long since traveled through this looking glass - - although he can at times be found expressing nostalagia for the wide-eyed optimism of the 60s - - but the result is not nearly as depressing as it is hilarious . the image of thompson infiltrating the nixon youth at the rnc and yelling obscenities and death threats at rival journalist john chancellor 's press box while surrounded by hundreds of kids chanting " four more years ! " was one of the funniest any book has offered me in a while . how does the cliche go - - " the more things change , the more they stay the same " ? after the thorough spanking of george mcgovern at the hands of richard nixon , hst credits the most staggering blow to mcgovern 's presidential hopes to a media crisis involving his vice-presidential nominee , thomas eagleton . just days after eagleton was named as mcgovern 's running mate , two democratic campaign managers received phone calls revealing that eagleton had gone through intensive psychiatric treatment on three separate occasions . as the story spread like wildfire throughout the press , mcgovern 's presidential hopes were dealt a blow from which they would never recover . since then , we 've seen willie horton and the swift boat veterans come out to haunt their respective candidates , and one is inclined to wonder who the democratic " mascot " will be for the 2008 race . perhaps a mentally disabled child whose tricycle was crushed by the car of hillary clinton ? a dominican prostitute who gave joe biden the clap ? but i digress . i give on the campaign trail 4 out of 5 stars because the book , like presidential campaigns themselves , can at times seem uneventful . thompson addresses this from time to time , wondering aloud what it was that made him want to cover politics in the first place before remembering that the rush one feels from being a part of a winning political team is nearly identical to that of a junkie getting that long-needed fix . other parts of the book will only make sense to the more hardcore followers of politics . for instance , hst 's extensive interview with campaign manager rick stearns , where stearns explains the intricacies of acquiring state delegates , reads like hieroglyphics to me . 
books pos 20.txt the journal format is a unique take on the genre and i especially like the detailed attention given to gear and survival . the author obviously knows his stuff . what 's also impressive is that this novel is self published . i 'm surprised someone has n't taken notice and offered j.l. bourne a deal . he 's good 
books pos 272.txt i can not put into words what this journal of the truth has done for me as a african-american male living in the united states of america . i was introduced to this book by a man of guyanese decent who knew i needed to read this book . i have to admit it was a difficult read because my primary education only spoke of american history and there was no mentioning of any african-caribbean contributors from the " middle passage " period . now , at thirty-nine many things are clearer to me . " roots " and " beloved " are historic , well-documented treasures and need to be used in educating all children no matter race , creed or color . to make sure what i read had some semblance of truth while in puerto rico i visited a sugar mill in guanica and my heart just melted . if you read the book you will understand my feelings . i became angry because something as simple as not being forthwith with documented history such as this to young minds of american children lead to misunderstandings amongst the masses hailing from africa , south america , the caribbean , asia , united states and europe . eric williams i know i can not thank you in person because you are no longer here physically but your spirit lives on in your books and you will always be alive everytime one more person reads your book and awaken " thank you " ! for everyone else read the book it will cleanse your soul and feed your mind . once you finish this read " how europe underdeveloped africa " by the same author 
books pos 587.txt i work for a dept . with the state government and grote 's comprehensive performance management system was implemented several years ago . it works . takes the indecision and inconsistency out of perform . mgt . this text is excellent . i found that it was easy to read and to apply . we also use grote 's discipline without punishment ( dwop ) system also . i recommend his book of the same title also . excellent system . 
books pos 659.txt this book was & quot ; required reading&quot ; when i first started in the investment business 16 years ago - - it was a fabulous introduction to wall street and the stock market . i have recommended it many times over the years , and continue to do so 
books pos 335.txt this book provides a good research methodology which covers the essential elements of starting and operating a small business from scratch . the author covers the operational and legal issues in clear english . there are references to another work entitled " businesses you can start almanac by adams " . typical new businesses cited by the adams work are : - traffic control consultants - therapeutics - technical writers who translate legalese or computerese into understandable english - personalized child books - systems integration - time management training - corporate training - nutrition consultant - standardized test preparation - manufacturers reps - mystery shoppers - freelance writers - government contract consulting - efficiency experts - outdoor adventures - noise control via dosimeters - herbal products distributors - greeting card senders - graphic designers and a plethora of others the book is a good reference guide for anyone contemplating the start of a small business 
books pos 286.txt this is one of the best books i have ever read that captures the experience of visual impairment . it is beautifully written and very evocative . it will move those who are not visually impaired as well 
books pos 485.txt this book covers everything you 'll need to know about making model scenery . that being said , the material presented may seem a little overwhelming and difficult to a novice , however , with some trial and error , you 'll eventually get it righ 
books pos 957.txt i read this book even before it was assigned to my undergrad psychology class - - and then i read it again , and enjoyed it both times . de wall does protest too much - - he 's clearly answering his critics throughout - - but i found his curmudgeonly outbursts amusing . more importantly , de wall 's arguments for the existence of culture in animals are persuasive ( not that i needed much persuading ) , and his use of anecdotes keep the book entertaining . i 'm looking at my pet pooches in a whole new way these days 
books pos 667.txt most people will say that episode one is their least favorite of all the star wars films . but john williams composure for this one is second only to the empire strikes back for the entire star wars trilogy . this extended version is a must have , it contains all the music from the movie . the entire fight scene at the end of the movie is included and its wonderful to listen to . i wish somoone would do the rest of the prequel trilogy like this cd . a must have 
books pos 399.txt i found both volumes of ms. cook 's books fascinating . i could not wait to return to them . i learned a lot about eleanor and the time in which she lived . i will buy copies of both for all my children and suggest that my grands read them as well . 
books pos 646.txt we love this book ! we have made many of the recipes that have all tasted great and are healthy . we also gave it to everyone for christmas and they all love the recipes too 
books pos 276.txt i have only read the swedish translation of what i suppose is the " old edition " , but judging by " look inside this book " , this new english-language edition incorporates much material from the old . incidentally , the swedish edition gives the authors name as kallistos ware , apparently his taken orthodox name , while timothy ware is his original , given name . in sweden , the swedish translation of " the orthodox church " is the only readily available book on the history of the orthodox church . apparently , its used informally as a textbook in some college classes on church history . it also contains chapters on theology and worship . in my opinion , the book is a necessary introduction for those interested in orthodox church history . its first chapters summarize the history of this church during the byzantine empire , under islam , and in russia both before and during communism . of particular interest is the authors interpretation of the catholic-orthodox split , usually dated to 1054. the author believes that the so-called fourth crusade in 1204 was the real and final consummation of this split . however , the book must also be read with some reservations . the author is , after all , an orthodox christian himself . its safe to assume that there is a certain bias here and there . for instance , ware denies that the byzantine church was caesaropapist , a very untenable suggestion . at other times , he is surprisingly " liberal " for an orthodox . for instance , he paints mehmet fatih , the muslim conqueror of constantinople , as a very tolerant ruler . i also wonder about his interpretation of the church father cyprian . even so , " the orthodox church " remains an indepensable book for those looking for a short and concise historical over-view of this remarkable christian church . 
books pos 107.txt if you have n't read this book , i would make it top prority ! this book is fantastic ! there hasnt been anything close to it yet . she is an outstanding writer and produces wonderful stories ! better grab a tissue , its a tear-jerker 
books pos 502.txt after reading many so so books on training for triathlons this book spoke to me . being a beta type personality i loved the macro , kicked back approach he took to training . it was just what i 'd been looking for . keeping it fun . thanks , bra 
books pos 730.txt wonderful writing style , not hard to understand explains most catholic beliefs and is a bullseye buy 
books pos 854.txt there are many gorgeous photos of both the insides and outsides of public and personal spaces . i was actually surprised at the number of homes we get a peek into . if you enjoy interior design , of just about any style , you will find it here . i love all the personal libraries shown , crammed with books and interesting objects . loved the mannequins , esp the life-sized guy sitting on the couch . i am a fan of exotic , eclectic decorating and found many examples to keep me happy with the book 
books pos 350.txt there is a reason this book has sold over 180 , 000 copies . it gets right to the point . it accompanies each strategy with a visual aid so you can get a mental picture in your head . further , its section on analyzing stocks and commentary on the state of financial statements and the financial market are right on the money . if your just starting out in options , this book really is a must . 
books pos 455.txt this book focuses on a cogent question by way of a true story and invites response from all sorts of people with pertinent experience , providing biographies of these respondents . the topic is forgiveness . i found the analysis by dennis prager , an l.a. talk show host , the most understanding of christian / jewish outlooks and jose hobday 's perhaps the best of the christian contributions . i am eager to discuss it with members of my theology group . 
books pos 703.txt i 've been working with foals for about 18 years . this book is well written and includes very good illustrations . it 's good for new handlers and experienced handlers ( reminders of different options to use with different personalities ) as well . i highly recommend it 
books pos 227.txt i first read about this wonderful book on one of the services that provides reading guides for book clubs . i was intrigued by the premise , and knew i had to buy it . this is one book that did not let me down ! i was captivated from the moment i began . i read in greed , hungering for the next diary entry . i completed it much too quickly , and had to re-read some entries . i found myself wondering about some of the women . ( many are still on my mind . ) i am so pleased that book two is in the works . this is a book that is too good to miss . 
books pos 349.txt did you ever know someone whose life was just " perfect " ? ? someone who went to college , got married at age 23 , found a great job with valuable stock options.. . someone who settled down in a house in a nice city at age 25 or 26 , started a family a year or two later , and who now seems to " have it all " ? ? well , after world war ii , this happened to just about everyone in the silent generation , and it happen to most in the boomer generation , and it 's happening to just about no one in generation x . this books speaks to members of generation x and describes the suffering and coping mechanisms for these people . this book , now 15 years , is about a generation that was sold down the river by its elders - generation x . the book describes 3 young people , andy , dag , and claire , who visit palm springs and tell stories of their lives and of their friends who are suffering in life . the author douglas coupland is actually telling stories from vancouver british columbia , one of the first cities in north america to be sold out to foreign economic colonizers from hong kong ( who escaped to vancouver to avoid the 1997 mainland takeover . ) in this city , the worst 1100 square foot fixer-upper house costs a third of a million dollars , or 10 years of take-home pay for a mid-career household . economic success is impossible in the physical confines of the city - the system is rigged against everyone except rich immigrants and the existing upper class of blue-collar boomers who purchased homes in the 1970 's and 1980's . many aspects of the book ( such as " reverse sabbatical " , " mcjobs " , etc. ) reflect the severe economic conditions faced by high-achieving intellectuals who go nowhere economically in that city . in my grandparents generation , all you had to do was to go to college . in my parent 's generation , you needed to go to college and become a successful professional . in my own generation , you need to co-found a startup company and be among the 10% of founders who can sell off the company or have an ipo . do you notice something here ? yes , it 's getting more and more difficult to be marginally successful in america . because gen x'ers find that traditional paths to success - hard work , taking chances , saving and investing - do n't work any more , they resolve to live like their parents by either living with their parents or by borrowing money endlessly and hoping for a miracle . fiscal irresponsibility is at an all-time high , and has squandered everyone 's future ! in this environment of perpetual economic slavery , coupland counsels generation x'ers to break free of the traditional career models that have been rigged by their elders for failure . coupland counsels us all to re-examine what is success in our life and how to achieve it . this book is a call to enlist in a class warfare between gen-x'ers and their elders ! in many ways , this book is similar to " the razor 's edge " by w . somerset maughen or " the monk and the riddle : the art of creating a life while making a living " , in other words , redefine your notion of success in the world , while waiting for our evil society to implode in upon itself , which must surely happen in the near future .. 
books pos 439.txt excellent book , a good guide to improve project managemen 
books pos 199.txt reminds me that conservation has been in the minds of some for a very long time . my grandson who is four loved the story and understood the concept 
books pos 416.txt private investigator kinsey millhone is back again in this fourth installment of sue grafton 's alphabet series . this time she is offered a fee to give a $25 , 000 cashier 's check to a young man named tony gahan . the check for the fee bounces and kinsey is now looking for the man who gave it to her , plus the young man she is to give the cashier 's check to . everything she finds out about her client is bad . he is a drunk , who has killed several people in a car wreck , and appears to be a bigamist . when he is found dead , kinsey has plenty of suspects including survivors of the dead motorists and two angry wives . this book is written in grafton 's usual breezy style , and kinsey becomes more independent and more likeable with each book . i would recommend the whole series to mystery-lovers 
books pos 149.txt one of the things i like about this book for young readers is that the same vocabulary words are repeated throughout the series so that the kids can build on what they learned in one book while they 're reading the next . at first , i was disappointed with the series since i did n't think it did justice to the little house series that i treasured myself as a girl . after a few reads , however , i see that the magic of laura ingalls wilder 's stories shines through in this series with renee graef 's illustrations . how else do you explain to a four-year-old what a log cabin is really like ? i am surprised how many " how. . " and " why.. . " questions this series has provoked . regarding this book in particular , my daughter asked about a million questions about the maple syrup-making process 
books pos 550.txt we have used this book as a text for discrete math courses in our undergraduate computing engineering and systems program ( university of los andes , colombia ) . there are a lot of advantages using this approach instead of the classical one ( e.g. , people really learn to prove and learn to write correct proofs ) . however , to grasp these ideas you have to be patient and open minded . when other reviewers give 1 star to the book it is clear for me that perhaps they were expecting something magical that did not occur . this presentation of logic and its applications to informatics provides an excellent way to learn and really use the knowledge in the praxis . in chapter 8 you go seamlessly from propositional to higher order logic . sums and logical quantifications are , for example , treated in an uniform way . maybe the type concept is not so fine explained , but one has to remember that this is an introductory book . 5 stars , of course 
books pos 826.txt while this book , like its predecessor , is beautifully illustrated and a joy to read , it is the presentation of quiltmaking as a shared experience among family and friends that make both these books so special . i loved the first so much , i had to have this one the moment it appeared and it has only served to add to my list of pending projects 
books pos 310.txt this is one of the best business books i 've ever read . mr. nocera says it took him six years to write this book , and i believe it . the amount of work that went into this book is obvious . this is an excellent piece of business journalism . the annotations and bibliography are thorough , and the overall writing and editing is top notch . mr. nocera covers a rich array of elements important to the development of the financial services industry over the last half of the 20th century : - automated teller machines ( atms ) - the bankamericard ( later visa ) - outdated banking regulations - black monday , october 19 , 1987 - jimmy carter 's futile attempts to wrestle runaway inflation in the late 1970 's - cash management accounts ( cmas ) - citibank ( later citicorp ) - deregulation of brokers ' commissions - growth of american consumer debt as a result of runaway inflation in the late 1970 's - america 's cultural adoption of the plastic credit card from the late 1950 's through 1993 - the direct marketing of credit cards to americans and its great success - america 's worship of star mutual fund managers like peter lynch during the 1980 's - the ineptitude of america 's elected officials to deregulate the banking industry in the face of dramatic changes in the financial services marketplace - the amazing impact money market mutual funds had on americans ' savings strategies given the inflexibility of the banking regulation q that capped savings deposit interest at around 5% while interest rates were as high as 16%+ in the early 1980 's - the significant growth and influence of fidelity investments and its leader ned johnson on the industry in the 1980 's - individual retirement accounts ( iras ) and their impact on the growing wealth of americans - the rise of nonbank banks and other non-financial companies getting into the financial services arena during the 1970 's and 1980 's - the pervasive impact and presence that andrew kahr had throughout the industry in creating new financial services products - the pollyana-ish impact of marshall loeb , editor of money magazine , had on " middle class " americans and their views of investing in securities - the amazing record of peter lynch despite the ever-growing size of the magellan fund - the slowness of merrill lynch to change along with the rest of the industry in de-emphasizing commission revenue versus asset management fees - the dramatic growth of mutual funds in the later half of the 20th century and all the billions the financial services industry makes from them each year - negotiable order of withdrawal ( now ) accounts - state laws on usury and how south dakota became the credit card capital of america - schwab 's onesource as the first ' mutual fund supermarket ' - the dramatic risks of writing naked put options in 1987 just before black monday and how it impacted charles schwab & co. - the impact of " reagonomics " on american wealth-building - the 1980 's bull market leading up to black monday - the wild success of first deposit 's first select card as designed by andrew kahr and the adverse reaction to it by consumers and watchdog groups - paul volcker 's anti-inflation policy of ratcheting up interest rates in the early 1980 's and his general resistance to deregulation of the banking industry - ted and nina wang 's amazing margin calls during and after black monday the author does a great job of depicting the very interesting characters that led the money revolution in the later half of the 20th century , including dee hock of visa , ned johnson of fidelity , peter lynch of fidelity , andrew kahr the product development consultant , roger lawson of fidelity , marshall loeb of money magazine , charles merrill of merrill lynch , president jimmy carter and his administration , donald regan of merrill lynch and the reagan administration , charles schwab , gerald tsai jr. of fidelity , paul volcker of the federal reserve , and walter wriston and john reed of citibank . the writing is crisp , clear , and easy to read . few books come out like this and mr. nocera is to be commended for this first rate work . if you are even mildly interested in any of the items listed above , you will enjoy this book . if you find the financial services industry fascinating and / or work in the industry , you will love this book . it 's a page turner ! the only drawback to this book is that it was published over a decade ago in 1994. so much has happened since then ! i encourage mr. nocera to pick up where he left off and put out a second edition that takes his readers up through 2005. 
books pos 801.txt the book was less than i expected and it is brand new thanks a lot 
books pos 863.txt i ordered this book primarily for the benefit of my 7 year old son . we 're doing a research project on oceans , and while we have a few good resources , i felt this one , with its 3d imagery , would more likely capture and hold his attention . what i did n't realize was how thoroughly it would capture and hold mine . for me , 3d had always meant multicolored plastic glasses and headaches . though the book was described as stereoscopic , i did n't understand what that meant . stereography was something new for me , even if as a form of photography it is over 150 years old . this is not a matter of red and blue separations ; the 3d results from the human eye 's trick of blending 2 photos taken ( simultaneously ) an eye 's width apart . photographer mark blum is a pioneer in the art of underwater 3d photography , and his work is beautifully displayed here . everyone i 've shown this book to has been fascinated by it , and i fully expect that when we 've finished with our project the book will find its way to permanent display in my home 
books pos 596.txt this is ann waldron 's best mcleod dulaney mystery yet . the characters are so lively and well-drawn they literally walk right off the page ( and , in some cases , right into your heart ) . the setting- -the princeton theological seminary- -is perfect ( a perfect place for a murder , that is ) , and the plot is downright diabolical . are you in the mood for some humorous , mysterious and sinfully well-written fun ? then do yourself a favor and read this delightful book 
books pos 737.txt i should first confess my bias- -i have often been tickled and sometimes awed by mortimer 's way with english prose for 20 years . so , in picking up this book i had the high expectations one might have before meeting an old friend or beloved teacher . no disappointment . even if some of these essays are slightly less effervescent than others , all are at least wonderful , and several are both brilliant and touching . mortimer has given us a collection of short essays , conversational and often wryly funny , which he intends as a kind of spiritual bequeathal to his family and other heirs . the chapters range across a broad range of subjects , some perhaps outwardly frivolous , like the cooking of eggs . but in the main , mortimer touches on matters of great substance- -the nature of beauty , how to be happy , surprising ways in which our world has managed to be unjust , places and times for sex , how to dine sociably , the love of children , faith and reason , the terrors of the writer facing blank paper , and many more . i found these essays to be wise and absolutely delicious . i suspect that readers who have enjoyed rumpole , or mortimer 's other biographical essays like summer of a doormouse , or clinging to the wreckage , will be quite pleased with these sketches . mortimer may , sadly , be nearing the end of his life , but at present he seems to be on a literary tear . i , for one , wish him many more prolific years 
books pos 367.txt elaine pagels is a wonderful writer . her explanation into early christianity is wonderful . it is definitely worth the time to read this . she delves into the politics of the early church , the passion , the resurrection , as well as the clashes between gnostic and orthodox thinking . too often , we forget that what we call the canon is not the only writings available . she just reminds us that there is this whole other world of writings that did not make it into the bible for one reason or another . if you want to get an idea of who the gnostics were , read this 
books pos 30.txt i have probably close to a dozen or more people i know , including myself , that have read this and had great results removing all sorts of chronic symptoms . 
books pos 932.txt with beautiful photos of the range of niki 's work , this children 's book enables both kids and adults to get an overview of niki 's work , especially her sculptures . this is the only book i have found that has pictures of her escondido work- - it is a magical place and one can get a feel for it through this book 
books pos 138.txt first off , this book is very entertaining to read . unlike many political books , it is never tedious or redundant . " thieves in high places " is an accurate portrayal of what is wrong with both parties in america . it is also informative and insightful on the roles of big corporations in american politics and local economies . this book is a call to arms against large corporations that put locally owned businesses under , companies that use child labor overseas , and the entire americal political system . this book empowers the common man in his fight for an egalitarian society , fair wages for all , and a real equal oppurtunity at an education . i loved this book , it was a pleasure to read , and confirmed everything that disuades me about america today . it is worth a read 
books pos 298.txt frazee 's comical " guide for babies of all ages " has a subconscious message behind the humor , meanwhile encouraging those first few steps that will open up a universe of new experiences , baby leaving the shelter of the familiar for the unknown . the roly-poly baby illustrated is tiny compared to everything around him , objects taller than him , but once he pulls himself up and begins that first , tentative journey , it is impossible to stop . of course , there are a few cautions along the way , " be careful of things that are wobbly ; stay away from fragile stuff " . there are the usual setbacks , too-much too-soon and a tumble to the floor , followed by a howl and the effort to being again . cleverly worded and cheerfully illustrated , this tongue-in-cheek guide is a delight , offering more food for thought than is first apparent . luan gaines / 2006. 
books pos 761.txt roger caras , a very talented writer and animal lover , takes us on a tour of thistle hill , his farm in northern maryland . anyone who loves cats , dogs and other animals will love this book . its gentle humor and compassion are quite absorbing . i must confess to a certain amount of jealousy , though- -i would love to have a home like thistle hill farm 
books pos 94.txt one good knight ( 2006 ) is the second fantasy novel in the tales of the five hundred kingdoms series , following the fairy godmother . in the previous volume , alexander and elena organized resistance to the invasion of fleurberg by a dark magician . after the death of the katschei , alexander and elena were wedded , becoming godmother and consort . then an order of champions was established at glass mountain , with alexander as their master , and elena was given charge of fleurberg in addition to her other kingdoms . in this novel , princess andromeda of acadia is nineteen years old , but is still considered a child by her mother , queen cassiopeia , and chief advisor solon adacritus . she writes a report on the merchants for a trade conference and impresses both the queen and the chief advisor . after that , her mother orders redecoration of the princess wing , appoints two ladies to design her wardrobe and jewelry , and assigns a steward to handle her affairs . andromeda is quite overwhelmed by this attention and augments her studies to further impress her mother . she notices that income from wrecked ships has grown due to an increase in the number and severity of storms . her studies and inquiries suggest that this increase is probably due to the manipulations of a great wizard . she reports this matter to her mother . afterward , andromeda is resting high up in a tree within the palace garden when she notices a strange flying creature . as it comes toward her , she recognizes that it is a dragon . then it reaches the palace and she observes that it is a very large dragon . it flames some high architectural features , grabs a couple of animals and flies away . the panic within the palace is phenomenal and the subsequent meeting of the queen 's advisors is very lively . andromeda has quickly reviewed the literature on dragons - - consisting mainly of myths and legends - - and reports to the advisors that the only known method of managing a dragon is the sacrifice of virginal maidens . the ensuing discussion is even livelier , mostly concerning the means of choosing such sacrifices . queen cassiopeia states that the only fair way to select sacrifices is by a lottery . after the spate of crazy volunteers dies down , a lottery is organized . some women find ways to disqualify themselves , but others are taken by the dragon . rumors begin spreading that anyone who speaks out against the queen is more likely to have a family member selected for the sacrifice . but then andromeda is selected . this novel is mostly about the influence of the tradition within the five hundred kingdoms . andromeda 's knowledge of the tradition comes in handy at various points in this quest . the queen has sent to glass mountain for a champion to fight the dragon , but the good knight does n't come forward as expected . someone has erected a magical barrier at the border to keep out such warriors . however , andromeda is sort of saved by a champion at the sacrificial site . andromeda convinces the knight to take her along as a guide and finally proves to the champion that she can be a help rather than a hindrance . they travel cross-country in the same direction that the dragon had flown , stopping for supplies here and there , and finally enter the wyrding lands . they encounter unicorns and a fox along the way before meeting the dragon and his brother . then andromeda learns that all is not as it seems . andromeda is nineteen and naive . then she is faced with one of the most difficult of issues : does her mother love her . while many events occur in this plot , this one issue is the crux of the story . even her interspecies romance with the younger dragon is only a temporary relief from this main concern . highly recommended for lackey fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of adventure , betrayal and romance . -arthur w . jordi 
books pos 806.txt i first purchased this book when i was a freshman in college seven years ago . it is without a doubt the best and easiest reference guide to writing i have ever read . i love the plastic tabs that mark each section . this guide is easy to read and follow it is organized in basic steps that are categorized accourding to section . so for example if you need to find out how to cite a web page or a video tape , etc using the mla style you just flip to the section called doucmentation clearly marked with a plastic tab . i have since purchased an updated guide for myself and also bought one for my brother - a freshman in college . i really wish i had this book when i was in high school . i highly recommend this book to any high school , college , graduate student or writer . i especially recomend this book for students with learning disabilities , i myself have add and before i got this guide i could not understand how to write a paper in the mla style or in any style other than a book report . i promise this is the easiest reference guide to writing ever published 
books pos 856.txt the emotionally unavailable man should be added to everyone 's self-help library . ms. henry clearly identifies and defines the problem , then prescribles manageable steps for healing . her energetic writing style involves the reader right from the start . even those who do not suffer from emotional detachment will find this book engaging . most may even identify loved ones who either exhibit this or who are involved with someone who exhibits this behavior . clearly this is a book for our times . 
books pos 135.txt consisting entirely of descriptions of fantastical cities supposedly reported by marco polo to kublai khan , calvino 's fiction is sui generis , a completely original mixture of fable and philosophy that is even more imaginative than his more critical theory-oriented " if on a winter 's night a traveler . " this is the kind of novel borges might have written . a celebration of the unbridled imagination , " invisible cities " is also , i am convinced , a secret love letter to a single city : the imaginary dream-city of venice , a place that exists partly as its own reflection in the sea 
books pos 457.txt an amazing resource to the odd world of chick collecting . mr. fowler has crafted an exhausting , almost overwhelming guide to all of chick 's works and articles about him . everything is cross-referenced to the point of where the reader is nearly overwhelmed with information . minute details of publishing histories and changes to individual tracts are documented down to the smallest letter . the book ( presented in a distinctive computer printout style , possibly due to its origins as a self-published work ) is packed with charts of pricing info and catalog numbers . but even casual chick fans will enjoy the & quot ; history of the world&quot ; segment , which ties all of jack 's wild theories into a cohesive narrative , and a segment devoted entirely to fun trivia ( there 's a list of every instance of the term & quot ; haw&quot ; for instance ) . each tract and comic is described , and info is given on various parodies and rip-offs . this is a must for all chick fans ( both & quot ; saved&quot ; and otherwise ) 
books pos 740.txt this pocket companion serves as a concise overview of the most important facts & amp ; concepts from the parent textbook ( guyton 's textbook of medical physiology ) . however , it does not contain all the details or some clinical relevances , that 's why you have to go back to the parent textbok for furthur info 
books pos 466.txt seventeen-year-old catherine morland has always been preoccupied with three very important things : dancing , dressing , and reading sensational novels . but doing these things wo n't get you a husband , or acquaint you with other young ladies , such as yourself . so , upon request from a neighbor , catherine is invited to spend some time in bath - a fashionable town , where catherine will have the opportunity to interact with people of her own age and stature , who are not related to her . and that is where the naive catherine meets up with the thorpe family . quickly becoming friends with isabella thorpe , catherine begins spending much of her time with the illustrious , yet conniving family . and it is only when catherine is rescued by henry tilney , along with his charming sister , eleanor , and whisked off to their ancestral home , known only as northanger abbey . there , catherine 's choice of reading material - mysteries and ghost stories , that is - comes back to haunt her ; for northanger abbey is victim to terrible noises in the night - such as creaking , and frightening winds , that leave catherine feeling as if she is residing in a haunted place herself . the fact that the enormous house is filled with various locked doors , and a curious history only heightens young catherine 's suspicions , and makes her question what mystery and secrets are lurking within northanger abbey , and the tilney family , in general . jane austen has been a favorite of mine since i was very young , but it was not until this past weekend that i happened upon northanger abbey while browsing through the bookstore , and decided to purchase it . i will admit that , hands down , this has become one of my favorite austen books . catherine is an enchanting character , whose innocence , and naivete make her charming from beginning to end ; while her overactive imagination leaves the reader chuckling in delight at the many crazy notions she creates within that bright head of hers . catherine 's interactions with isabella thorpe , and the rest of the thorpe family are intrepid , and truly make you feel strong emotion towards those particular characters ; while the charming henry tilney - like mr. darcy - makes you root for a romance to blossom between our dashing businessman , and our young heroine . a wonderful , satirical piece of fiction , that should certainly be discovered by anyone who calls themselves an austen fan . erika sorocco book review columnist for the community bugle newspape 
books pos 898.txt this book introduces us to the colorful world of a bygone era , that of border radio . brilliant technicians constructed gargantuan transmitters along the border towns of texas / mexico and beamed their signal into all of north america - one angry resident complained that was all he could get on his radio . these stations were distinguished by their call signs that began with an ' x' . this spawned an industry of singers , politicians , preachers and pitchman the type we now see on & quot ; infomercials&quot ; . mail was the barometer of the day - the more mail you & quot ; pulled&quot ; in from listeners the more clout you carried with stations - & quot ; keep those cards and letters coming ! & quot ; new federal regulations put an end to this wild world but not until the airwaves crackled with everyone from wolfman jack to the rev . ike - & quot ; get out of the ghetto and get into the get-mo ! & quot ; this is a marvelously written treasure trove that will be welcomed by anyone interested in radio , salesmanship , and american sub-cultures and the bizarre 
books pos 874.txt whenever my eczema flared up , my friends would tell me i 'm too stressed out . i did n't feel that way , not much more stressed out than usual , so the timing of the flare ups and the stress level at that time was sometimes confusing . after reading this book , however , i recognized it 's much more than just the simple stress - more deeply rooted issues i 've apparently held for a long time . i had vaguely suspected this may be the case , but did n't know how / where to start . this book gave me the guidance to do that on my own . i agree with 3 other reviewers completely . i no longer feel helpless and scared when i can feel my skin starting to flare up . i am not yet free from eczema , but knowing what may be the underlying cause of it , and how to calm it down , i have much stronger sense of being in control of my skin , body and my life 
books pos 63.txt i have never been a big fan of motivational books , because they seem so " pie in the sky " if you know what i mean . but a friend recommended this one to me and told me it was different . he was right . it was easy to read and in fact i did n't want to put it down . but what i really liked was the " how to " part of the book . after all , it 's no good reading about other people 's success stories if you do n't know how to make your own . also , something i thought was interesting is that the author has a website called success compass which helps you set goals and then e-mails you a reminder several times a day . i guess the real key to success is not allowing yourself to forget what you want , and this website does n't let you forget . hmmmmm . . . electronic nagging as the key to success ! ; - ) hey , whatever works 
books pos 67.txt once again mr. updike delivers an insightful story of life in suburbia and what lurks in the hearts and minds of men and women - love , lust , betrayal , self doubt . villages relates owen 's life as only john updike can . the last chapter gets a little too long and not as enjoyable as the rest of the book , but i will certainly recommend it to all my friends 
books pos 689.txt i bought this book when i had my first child . it has provided me with alot of helpful information , especially at night or on the weekend when you 're not sure whether or not to call the doctor . i have worn my original copy out and am about to buy a new one . many thanks to dr. neifert 
books pos 954.txt a commentary on a book of the bible will generally include the commentator 's outline of the structure of that book . a good outline can greatly enhance one 's understanding of a biblical book , so such outlines are important . rarely , though , do commentators say much about how their outlines are derived . this book , which is based on professor lee 's doctoral dissertation , describes and illustrates a method for outlining the structure of a large section of biblical text . this method , called " conceptual analysis " , is a modern version of form criticism developed by lee 's advisor , rolf knierim . lee describes conceptual analysis as an iterative process , where one begins by dividing a text into smaller units with coherent themes . one then takes a deeper look to determine how the units fit together into an overall structure for the text . finally , the outline is critically evaluated and the steps repeated as needed . lee demonstrates the method on num . 10:11-36:13 , a challenging section of text that has been outlined in several different ways . he divides this section into 36 units , discussing with each one the rationale for his choices . he then argues persuasively that the key unit for the organization of the section is num . 13:1-14:45 , the account of the exploration of the promised land by 12 scouts , the largely negative report the scouts present to the people , and israel 's subsequent rejection of god 's plan to bring them into the promised land . the pivotal events in this unit largely determine the form and content of the rest of the section . conceptual analysis is an attempt to make the outlining of a text into a " scientific " process , with the goal of deriving a structure from a text rather than imposing a structure upon a text . there is no way to completely mechanize such a process , however . some subjectivity is inevitable , and any outline will highlight some features of a text and deemphasize others . in my opinion , one good measure of the value of an outline is the amount of fruit it yields in insight into the text . by this criterion , i believe that lee 's outline of num . 10:11-36:13 earns high marks . his outline helps give satisfying answers to a number of questions about the text , as he explains in the latter stages of the book . it is rare that a dissertation on form critical issues would be interesting to more than a handful of specialists . this book is a notable exception , and i enthusiastically recommend it to all serious students of the book of numbers . 
books pos 939.txt ted kheel has written a masterful , poignant and important book . in an increasingly litigious and contentious world , his is a voice of reason , compassion and true vision . as karl llewellyn observed , & quot ; technique without compassion is a menace , and compassion without technique is a mess . &quot ; mr. kheel gives us both , in a manner that is brilliantly accessible , thought-provoking and inspiring 
books pos 279.txt david baldacci has a knack for writing fiction that sucks you in and holds you no matter what the story . part of the talent is to introduce interesting characters . this book is no exception . sara evans is a clerk working for a supreme court justice . she is quite close to another clerk ( michael fiske ) who works for a different judge . michael asks sara to marry him but sara really loves michael 's brother john , who sara has only seen once and never officially met . michael comes across an appeal that intrigues him ( to say exactly why would be a spoiler and it is only revealed very late in the book as to exactly what intrigued him ) so much that he pulls it out before it is filed and goes to visit the requestor . that happens to be a rufus harms who is serving a life sentence in an army prison for murdering a girl . when michael goes to see harms , practically all hell breaks loose and harms realizes he is in danger himself and some mysterious evil guys from the prison murder michael . apparently there was some secrets in harms appeal that some powerful unknown men do not want known . michael 's murder is investigated by his brother john ( an ex-cop who is now a defense lawyer for the lowest of the low criminals ) and he enlists the aid of sara who was close to michael and knows some things about michael . sara is instantly in love with john and the more they start investigating the more they put their lives at risk from the unknown powerful men . additionally , the police start to suspect john of the murder of his brother especially when he is named as the sole beneficiary of michael 's life insurance . meanwhile rufus harms has escaped prison from some of those men that tried to kill him . so we have tension throughout to see if rufus will survive as well as john and sara before the evil guys get them . there is a lot of good information about what goes on behind the scenes at the supreme court . a good rea 
books pos 964.txt meg blackburn losey has written a most informative book . i purchased an additional 4 copies which were given as gifts to the parents of young children - a wise choice from the compliments i received afterward . a must have to understand todays gifted children . there is a wealth of knowledge inside that truly will enlighten you to the children of these times 
books pos 782.txt this book is a very good resource for parents of underachievers , former underachievers , and anyone who wants to understand the success of their child . having read other reviews by readers discounting this book and discounting human psychology itself , i was compelled to write my own review . no one blames parents , especially dr. rathvon they do the best they can with what they 've got ; mental resources specifically . this book is for anyone who knows that their child is capable of so much more . it is never too late to fix , polish , and fine tune a learning mind . every student has the ability to achieve 
books pos 260.txt the late carl sagan was one of the most popular , influential , and successful interpreters of astronomy to the american public . in 1973 he published & quot ; the cosmic connection&quot ; . he offered a daring view of the universe and his seminal work became a classic of popular science , inspiring a generation of scientists and non-specialist general readers with an enthusiasm for all aspects of science in general , and astronomy in particular . now cambridge university press has reissued a new edition of sagan 's influential book , enhanced with freeman dyson 's commentary on sagan 's vision and on the importance of & quot ; the cosmic connection&quot ; ; ann dryan 's assessment of sagan 's cultural significance as a champion of science ; and david morrison 's discussion of the advances made over the past 30 years and what became of sagan 's predictions . carl sagan 's cosmic connection is & quot ; must&quot ; reading for all sagan fans and anyone interested in how his views and predictions have held up over the past three decades of rapid advances in the science of astronomy and the search for extraterrestrial intelligence 
books pos 582.txt why read a book from 1857 which flopped so badly as commercial literature that melville stopped writing and ended his career as a customs official ? because this book masterfully explores the entire nature of trust , confidence and cons . though the setting is a riverboat on the mississippi river just before the u.s. exploded into civil war , its insights cross cultural boundaries . this is not an easy book to read for several reasons . first , it is undoubtedly one of the first " post-modern " novels which breaks from traditional narrative storytelling . ( another example : dostoevsky 's notes from the underground . ) the confidence-man is a collection of 45 conversations between various people on the riverboat- -beggars , absurdly dressed frontiersmen , sickly misers , shysters , patent medicine hucksters , veterans ( of the mexican-american war ) and the " hero " in the latter part of the book , the cosmopolitan . in typical melville fashion , you also get asides- -directly to the reader , in several cases , as if melville felt the need to address issues of fiction outside the actual form of his novel . the lack of structure , action and conclusion make this a post-modern type book , but if you read each conversation as a separate story , then it starts to make more sense . for what ties the book together is not a story but a theme : the nature of trust and confidence . in a very sly way , melville shows how a variety of cons are worked , as the absolutely distrustful are slowly but surely convinced to do exactly what they vowed not to do : buy the " herbal " patent medicine , buy shares in a bogus stock venture , or donate cash to a suspect " charity . " in other chapters , it seems like the con artist is either stopped in his tracks or is conned himself . since the book is mostly conversations , we are left to our own conclusions ; there is no authorial voice wrapping up each chapter with a neatly stated ending . this elliptical structure conveys the ambiguous nature of trust ; we do n't want to be taken , but confidence is also necessary for any business to be transacted . to trust no one is to be entirely isolated . melville also raises the question : is it always a bad thing to be conned ? the sickly man seems to be improved by his purchase of the worthless herbal remedy , and the donor conned out of his cash for the bogus charity also seems to feel better about himself and life . the ornery frontiersman who 's been conned by lazy helpers softens up enough to trust the smooth-talking employment agency owner . is that a terrible thing , to trust despite a history of being burned ? the ambuiguous nature of the bonds of trust is also explored . we think the cosmopolitan is a con-man , but when he convinces a fellow passenger to part with a heavy sum , he returns it , just to prove a point . is that a continuance of the con , or is he actually trustworthy ? the book is also an exploration of a peculiarly american task : sorting out who to trust in a multicultural non-traditional society of highly diverse and highly mobile citizens . in a traditional society , things operate in rote ways ; young people follow in their parents ' traditional roles , money is made and lent according to unchanging standards , and faith / tradition guides transactions such as marriage and business along well-worn pathways . but in america , none of this structure is available . even in melville 's day , america was a polyglot culture on the move ; you had to decide who to trust based on their dress , manner and speech / pitch . the con , of course , works on precisely this necessity to rely on one 's senses and rationality rather than a traditional network of trusted people and methods . so the con man dresses well and has a good story , and an answer for every doubt . the second reason why melville is hard to read is his long , leisurely , clause upon clause sentences . but the book is also peppered with his sly humor , which sneaks up on you.. . well , just like a good con . 
books pos 147.txt ` the savory way ' is an early ( 1990 ) book from leading vegetarian cookbook author , deborah madison so , as ms. madison has a new book on the way , i thought it was high time for me to catch up with her body of work so i can give an informed review of how her new volume fits into her other books . ms. madison is a former colleague of alice waters and lindsey shere at chez panisse who specializes in a very general way , like mollie katzen and madhur jaffrey , on dishes that fit into a vegetarian lifestyle . note that the term ` vegetarian ' , especially as used by these three authors , is extremely misleading , as it is much more appropriate to say that they construct meals of everything under the sun except meat , fowl , fin fish and shell fish . both madison and jaffrey make extensive use of milk , cheese , yoghurt , and eggs . madison 's objective in this book is , in fact , to cover as broad as possible a survey of what can be done without using animal flesh . the book 's title may be a bit misleading to some foodies in that ` savory ' is often one of the words used to divide dishes in two great groups of ` savory ' and ` sweet' . this book in fact includes two rather long chapters on sweets . a first look at this book shows lots of headnotes to the many recipes . the first thing you need to know if you are put off by ` chatty ' recipe books is that these notes are almost exclusively devoted to an understanding of the cooking involved with the recipe and how to get the best results from your ingredients . while little stories about the historical provenance of a recipe may interest many , including myself , that is not what this book is about . on top of this , i firmly agree with the blurbed opinion from mollie katzen who compliments both her cuisine and her writing . almost all professional culinary writers are pretty good , or have an excellent copy editor at work on their prose , but ms. madison is a food service professional who writes very well . i often wish the soon to be beknighted jamie oliver had a bit more talent with words , as i find his books so comforting in spite of the heavy contribution from his editors . the very first attraction of the book is its table of contents , which lists every single recipe title in the front of the book . this is doubly useful in that this relatively long book divides recipes into chapters covering eleven different types of dishes suitable for just about any time of the day , including a good selection of recipes very good for breakfast . the eleven recipe chapters are : quick bites with 40 pages of recipes for sandwiches , toasts , and spreads . salads to start or make a meal with 42 pages soups and stews with 50 pages of thick , thin , and pureed soups , including a new one with my favorite fall ingredient , chestnuts . eighteen quick pasta dishes for five and company , 32 pages stovetop vegetables , 27 pages of sautes and braises . baked and roasted vegetables , 25 pages with ratatouille , gratins , tians , and other goodies . grilled vegetables and their sauces , 11 pages with two to six sauces per grilled dish . down to earth , 26 pages on rice , potatoes and beans ( although beans appear throughout all chapters ! ) morning foods for day and night , 26 pages of eggs and cheese and cereals and breads . finishing touches , 31 pages of sauces , salsas , condiments , dressings , pastes , and you name it . desserts , 45 pages on fruit dishes , cream cheeses , pastries , and custards sweetmeats , 12 pages on sweet pastes , peels , syrups , dried fruits , and other dessert dressings . every recipe i examined is relatively simple to prepare with fewer expensive or rare ingredients than you may find with jaffrey or jack bishop , and great tips on understanding the recipes and the ingredients . the appendix is just right for the occasional home cook who is lost in the forest of equipment you can find in a first rate kitchen supply store such as the second floor at zabars . ms. madison puts it all in perspective by highlighting all my favorite tools such as gratin and tian pots , the mortar and pestle , a few good knives , the food mill and the pizza stone and peel . the chapter on the pantry has lots for the novice and a few good tips for the foodie , such as the fact that mexican olive oils can be very spicy . possibly the best items in the appendix are the lists of dishes for special purposes such as entertaining , feeding large groups , and fitting into a low fat diet ( note that for the number of recipes in this book , this low fat list is surprisingly short ) . the list of sources is short with no internet sites provided , but i recognize that virtually all of these vendors are still in business . the bibliography is also brief , but hits all the right titles , especially joy larkcom 's excellent ` the salad garden' . this book is a great resource for ` liberal ' vegetarians who simply eschew meat . i would add this to madhur jaffrey 's ` world vegetarian ' , peter berley 's ` the modern vegetarian kitchen ' , and jack bishop 's ` the complete italian vegetarian ' to create a great core vegetarian library . i cannot at this time compare this to ms. madison 's other books , as this is the first i have read , although i sense many of her more recent books have a narrower scope , focusing on vegetable dishes . i plan to review her other books in the next few days . highly recommended for both vegetarians and foodies in general . 
books pos 271.txt the product was in excellent condition and the shipping was the fastest i have seen to be from regular postal service . it got here less than a week 
books pos 708.txt this book has a lot of information about how protecting wild areas works in wa and and an overview of the protections offered by the united states government . it then provides the inspiration to get people started through true stories of grassroots projects . while the book does n't list 1 , 2 , 3 , what needs to be done to start a grassroots movement , that should n't be expected , because all people have different motivations , and this book should be used as a tool to help you understand the basics of how these sorts of movements work . a must for anyone who wants to further understand washington state for all of its great wild places , or anyone for that matter , that is looking for inspiration on why wild areas should be protected . plus all of the proceeds go to a great cause 
books pos 795.txt after getting and reading primary target as a gift , i immediately began picking up other joe weber books . defcon one , his first , was absolutely terrific . great plot line and characters . the action is continuous throughout . my suggestion is not to pick up this book to read up before going to bed because you 'll never put it down . looking forward to reading his next - shadow flight . my hat 's off to joe weber . keep up the great work 
books pos 790.txt i am a calligrapher and i am always looking for poems and prayers to write and have framed and then present to the newlyweds . i was excited when i opened the book and read some of the beautiful verses . i tell you i am in a calligrapher 's heaven . my brother is a minister and as the " wedding season " is approaching i will be ordering a copy for him . if i could rate this book higher than the 5 stars i would . thank you , thank you , thank you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
books pos 239.txt only knowing jack canfield from the very successful " chicken soup for the soul " mega series , i had no idea his abilities as a motivational mentor and coach . although this book title seemed to be directed toward business success , the gems of this book can be used in every aspect of your life . this lengthy book is full of words of wisdom and wit . lines that will move you to tears of discovery or move you to change directions . a absolute must read book for understanding the real you 
books pos 99.txt the book uses cartoons to emphasize the text . it 's always interesting to see what common words different cultures use to describe the human condition . wastes a lot of space , though . worth the price 
books pos 189.txt reinventing the bazaar used real-life examples to make markets understandable to any reader . from pharmaceutical companies to the tokyo fish market , mcmillan brings markets alive right in front of the readers ' eyes . he attempts to demystify the mystery behind markets , and in my opinion , he succeeds . each chapter presents a new market setting which mcmillan uses to illustrate his various points . while the book has an economic undertone , the level of writing is not above the understanding of even a high school student . all terminology is explained not only with words , but with examples , as well . the book was enjoyable , especially if you have little familiarity with various market settings . however , i would encourage anyone to read this book because even the experts on markets will have their knowledge enriched by this book 
books pos 182.txt this is a great beginner 's guide to home buying . the advice is straightforward and the explanations are easy to understand . buying a home is a scary and daunting prospect for me . i kept getting a lot of conflicting advice from relatives , friends , and coworkers on when to buy , what to buy , and how to buy . this is very frustrating as everyone means well , but what worked for them might not apply to me . and do n't bother asking a realtor or mortgage company if you should buy- -they make their living on our decisions to buy ! so i bought home buying for dummies to learn more , and it has a lot of sound and thoughtful guidance to help decide when and how much to buy.. . and also how to find a good home , and then negotiate with the realtors , the sellers , the mortgage companies , and everyone else that is sticking their hands in your wallet . the author 's advice is realistic , and he points out the pitfalls of jumping in and what trouble you can get into with the different loan options out there 
books pos 994.txt horror master arthur machen 's crowning achievement , a still shocking compendium of interwoven short horror tales . in late 19th century london , a scientist and an unpublished writer join forces as amateur detectives in an attempt to solve a minor but puzzling mystery which ultimately leads to the discovery of a truly diabolical conspiracy . in the course of their investigations , the two men find themselves repeatedly surrendering their attention to a series of seemingly outlandish tales spun by an assortment of eccentric story tellers . the stories , which all deal with imposture of some kind , are only tangentially related to each other , yet offer the somewhat bumbling sleuths important clues to the mystery at hand . machen builds suspense slowly and methodically , masterfully leading the reader on to a completely unexpected , gruesome climax . comical , tragic , sophisticated , violent , horrific , and even downright disgusting , the three impostors is a classic horror novel of sly deception and wit . the 1995 everyman paperback is the only critical edition of this remarkably rich book released to date , offering a scholarly introduction ( by editor david trotter ) that carefully details machen 's main influences ( chiefly robert louis stevenson ) and themes ( imposture of various kinds , also derived from stevenson ) . a short text summary nicely encapsulates the narrative 's various twists and turns . finally , a section entitled " machen and his critics " provides a welcome offering of mostly contemporaneous critical responses to this remarkable book ; while many of these reviews were laudatory , quite a few passionately outraged quotes reveal just how shocking the three impostors must truly have been in its time 
books pos 811.txt this book was the first one i ever read about programming . it launched a whole new world of logical and complex thinking that i could never have understood without the magnificent touch that the author gives us . he applies very simple examples to explain very complex matters about programming instances adding humor and intelligence.. . what else would you want ? it 's simply excellent . 110% recommended . 
books pos 144.txt stephen king has written another attention grabber . i read , and listened , as i have both the paperback and the audio book . i found this book great , as it follows both the imaginary and the real sides of life . i found that as i read the book , i really would like to visit the library that is described in the book . this book follows down a strange path , emerging in what could almost be explained as a real story of fact in the past . i recommend this novel , and the audio book as the narrator does a great job , it will not dissapoint as & quot ; everything 's eventual&quot ; did , in my opinion . good luck and good reading ! ( note : the audio version of this book is narrated by frank muller . anyone who has listened to stephen king audio books has sure to have been wowwed by frank muller . in this audio book recording , frank muller 's voice is almost unrecognizable and amazing as he plays this roll . frank muller and audio books are truly like movies for your mind ) 
books pos 870.txt the snow goose is a beautifully written book that lingers in the memory long after the hour or so that it takes to read . set on the coast of england at the time of dunkirk , it is less about the strife of wwii itself than about its three main characters - one of whom is the snow goose - and what binds them . it is a story about nature , love , and nobility of spirit . to say more would be to give too much away . but it has had a place on my bookshelf for decades , and i reread it when i need to be reminded what is important in life 
books pos 472.txt for the first quarter of the book , i thought eugenia was ( to be polite ) a witch . she slowly became likeable . all of poor cyrus 's choices in clothing were so tacky . the story had a good blend of romance and mystery . after reading this book and all the talk of glass , i have a serious interest in collecting glass art 
books pos 366.txt private eye philip marlowe is asked for help to get to mexico by terry lennox . marlowe likes lennox and agrees to help him , but later lennox commits suicide in the small mexican town of otatoclan . but why was lennox driven to such extremes ? later on , marlowe is asked for his assistance in keeping the alcoholic writer roger wade on the staight-and-narrow . this is not really marlowe 's line of work , but he becomes entangled in the case especially as connections with lennox begin slowly to emerge . this is a longer , more ambitious novel by chandler albeit displaying the same cynical , tough edge as the other marlowe novels i 've read . the greater length allows chandler more space for character development and reflection . the danger of this is that the novel could have felt over-extended , but for me it didn't . the ending did not come as a total surprise , but as with every other chandler novel i 've read , enjoyment of the journey rather than satisfaction at the quality of the destination is the important thing . g rodger 
books pos 180.txt ...this book is a romance , and i liked it . my only excuse is , it 's a classic romance ! i loved it , in fact . it 's on my top ten favorite books list . it was n't gross , it was n't weird , it was n't annoyingly romantic . i loved it . ( i might say that a few more times . ) i loved elizabeth , jane , mr. bennet 's relations with mrs. bennet , mr. darcy , mr. bingly , mr. collins ( my cousin cannot say his name without falling over herself laughing from what she saw in the movie . ) i ca n't even find words to describe how much i loved this book . i read it this summer , and i 'm still at a loss for words ! all i can say is , i 'll definitely be picking up more classics . and my book of jane austen 's works will soon be veeeery well-worn 
books pos 723.txt this is the second novel in the mystery series featuring marcus didius falco , an informer and sleuth . a series of books that have become hugely popular , so much so that the author is now at the forefront of historical mystery writers . it was probably a stroke of genius on her part to have novels that are extremely well researched and contain all the elements that would be and should be found in rome in ad70 , but to have a lead character who has the vocabulary of a present day new york cop . in this novel the hero marcus didius falco has returned from the remote island of britannia , a god forsaken place whose people are morose and surly and the weather , well the weather is best left to its own devices . marcus has lost his heart to senator 's daughter helena but is not sure that the passion he feels is reciprocated . why is that women he is not interested in , fall over themselves to get to him , but the one that he has lost his heart to , treats him with a cool disdain ? he has not long returned to the welcoming arms of rome before a series of fatal accidents and things that go bump in the night convince falco and the emperor that there are traitors still conspiring and they must be brought to book . falco is not happy , it seems he must leave his beloved rome yet again , but the conspirators are serious about their plans and will not let anyone stand in their way . will falco ever return . . 
books pos 204.txt the recipes in this book are often somewhat complex , but they are easy to follow and the results are wonderful . braising does not aways take a long time either . one of my favorites is soy-braised chicken thighs with star anise and orange peel - 40 minutes total 
books pos 598.txt a pathbreaking work in women 's history and the history of deviancy , this book argues ( if not entirely convincingly ) for a new interpretation of the history and relationship of girl delinquents and women reformers . odem traces the history of middle class women reformers towards sexual delinquency by young girls through the particularly rich case history of los angeles county . noting the diverse cultures in l.a. ( white , working class , hispanic , african-american ) odem argues that many girls who became labeled & quot ; wayward&quot ; were acting out against oppressive and repressive families who held old-fashioned and patriarchal views of girls ' sexuality . odem also explores the eventually oppressive route that reformers took in & quot ; retraining&quot ; wayward girls 
books pos 257.txt his basic thesis is that a liberal empire can be a greatly positive force in the world , and that the united states is already an empire , but that our inablility to acknowledge the fact leads us to waste our opportunities to be the afore mentioned positive force . ferguson writes that america is plagued by an attention deficit disorder and too much love of the good life . thus , we get distracted too easily from important events overseas , and when we do try to intervene , we want quick fixes and low costs . i could n't agree more with most of these points . as an american , i 'm greatly ashamed of our collective ignorance . i hate feeling like a foreigner in my our country because i watch the news or can find sumatra on a map . also , the book strikes a chord with me because of my frustration with half measures in foreign interventions . countless times , i believe america has done more harm than good by , if you will , talking the talk but not walking the walk . if we commit to something , we need to follow through . this is as true in iraq today as it has been in the past . we 've claimed to support democracy in latin america , but then turned bannana republics into bannana autocracies . we greatly prolonged and increased vietnam 's suffering without changing the end result at all . with all this commonality , however , there are a few leaps of logic that ferguson makes that i ca n't bring myself to agree with . basically , he did n't sell me on the thought that the imperial model is the best way to develop the world . how are we supposed to know what is best for everyone ? wo n't our own biases and self interests inevitably distort even our most altruistic efforts ? when ferguson hold 's up the british empire as a model of success , i ca n't help but notice that the best results came only to those places of british colonization , with horrendous consequences for each of the native populations there . and the two greatest examples of beneficial american imperialism - japan and germany - were already highly developed before world war ii , so it probably was n't that much of a wonder that we were able to help them return to such a state . even if the positive power of empire is conceded , there are important differences between the state of world during the british empire and the state of the world now . it 's a concern of immunity from repercussions . in the golden age of imperialism , europe was in a kind of splendid isolation from its empires . not to say that there were no reprercussions , but , with the only modern navies in the world , europe was immune to any very serious threats . on the other hand , in today 's world , as an effect of globalization , power has become more decentralized in some respects . think wmds , terrorists , and foreign investments in the u.s. economy , for example . can america as easily afford to make enemies in the developing world as the british could ? in the end " colossus " did n't settle any agruments for me , but raised new and interesting questions . it is a book that makes you think , and that in and of itself is worth four stars . 
books pos 334.txt it was 8 years after i took the sats but i still wish i had this book then just because the examples of the words are really practical and simply written 
books pos 892.txt this is an enlightening , meticulous story of william " boss " tweed and , as past of the context , his three key cronies in the ring : peter sweeny , richard connolly and oakley hall . it is a story about how the new york times elevated itself by getting the goods on corruption and bravely exposing it on the front page . oh how the mighty have fallen ! the time of power ( terror ? ) for tweed 's edition of tammany hall was relatively short , but tammany hall power lingered well after tweed 's demise , another eithy-five years . the critical moment to the story is when tweed engineers the proverbial license to steal by devising a new charter for new york city , putting the power in the hands of his incredibly greedy ring of thieves . the four took this opportunity to carve out a fortune for themselves , primarily by paying millions of dollars for a courthouse that should have cost a few hundred thousand to build . a disgruntled ' whistleblower ' ( the term had no meaning back then ) copied over the records in enough detail to demonstrate the bold theft and fraud . there are several versions of how the blockbuster story of the padded expenses and outright theft came into the times ' hands , but the remarkable part of the story is just how brazen the " ring " could be , how convinced they were of their own invincibility or ability to bribe , cheat and steal their way out of any legal investigation or hearings . people who today believe we live in an era of unbridled corporate greed and ethical lapses need to read this book to better understand how much the supposed watchdog and people 's friend - - the government - - can be part of the problem and a barrier to the solution . the cast of characters , sinners , ( few ) saints , and masses of immigrants makes following the flow of the book sometimes a challenging task . thomas nast , a pivotal character if not the hero of the book , provides some vivid , visual signposts . nast not only draws a compelling picture for often illiterate ' readers ' , he was one of the first to put a face on public figures who heretofore had not been subjected to portraits or paparazzi as are today 's politicians . nast 's giving tweed a face may have been one of the breakthrough aspects of this story . it certainly helped catch tweed when he jumped bail . a few maps , perhaps some old drawings , and even a list of key characters could have perhaps clarified some of the story or reduced my thumbing back to previous pages or checking the index for the entry and bio of important members of the cast . there are some historic new york times front page stories that help create atmosphere and context . any reasonably educated american should have learned at least the sketchy details of tweed 's nefarious deeds and nast 's colorful cartoons . ackerman does an excellent job of documenting and detailing , filling in the gaps , and bringing now faded , black-and-white characters back to life 
books pos 263.txt deyoung begins by relating how bush pushed powell out at the end of his 1st term , without the courtesy of even personally discussing it with him ; making matters worse was the fact that bush did n't even know why powell was at the white house when it came time to say " good bye . " colin powell came from jamaican parents ( often called " jewmaicans " by american negroes because of the emphasis they placed on hard work and education ) , and during his early life in the nyc area suffered little , if any , racial prejudice . later on , unfortunately , the insults were quite aggravating , but powell was determined to not let them inhibit his performance . powell was an indifferent student in high school and at ccny ( majored in geology ) ; however , rotc piqued his sophomore-year interest and he soon became a standout . powell went on to be selected outstanding cadet , and top graduate ( or very close ) in every military training setting he undertook , as well as a top mba student at george washington university . he also was top-ranked by superiors in almost every military assignment , leading to his being offered a white house fellowship , which in turn provided powell with travel to russia and china and brought him in contact with a number of influential people who were impressed enough to forward powell onto chairman of the joint chiefs , national security advisor , and secretary of state . one of powell 's " secrets of success " was to enthusiastically implement all orders , even those he considered silly - powell himself believed that doing otherwise grounded the careers of many talented others . unfortunately , powell eventually crossed paths with dick cheney ( a bit of a problem during gulf war i ; a serious problem when cheney became v.p. ) . between cheney 's far-right bias ( " out on the looney fringe " - per powell ) and bush ii 's " disturbingly disjointed " decision-making - per treasury secretary o'neill ) , powell 's contributions as secretary of state were severely limited and constantly undermined and countermanded - often with don rumsfeld 's help . in addition , he was often left out of important decisions , especially when out of the country . ultimately , powell 's credibility suffered from the inaccurate information provided in his u.n. speech attesting to saddam 's wmd . the big question , still debated , is " why did n't he resign ? " his supporters believe the reason is that powell 's nature simply did n't allow anything less than 100% support . bottom line : if cheney had not been such an ideologue ( telling bush there were no candidates good enough to run as his v.p. - ignoring powell , and then sliding into the position himself ) , powell would be v.p. today , possibly president in 2008. similarly , if bush #41 had not been so stubborn and instead replaced quayle with powell in ' 92 , powell might well have become first v.p. , and then president 
books pos 259.txt shakespeare 's life is frustratingly beyond our sight . aside from the plays ( which , in many cases , come down to us in different versions ) , we have a slim scattering of legal documents , marriage and birth records , and vague secondary accounts . as the world 's preeminent shakespeare scholar , greenblatt has managed to assemble all these sources and , with a healthy dose of conjecture , arrive at something resembling a biography of the world 's greatest dramatist . more than that , though , this work is a biography of the age in which shakespeare lived and wrote- --elizabethan and jacobian london- --and how the major events of this time affected shakespeare 's plays . for example , the writing of king lear may have been encouraged by a trial in 1603 in which two sisters tried to have their father declared insane so they could take control of his wealth and estate , while the youngest daughter ( named cordell ) tried to stop them- --a story uncannily similar to what is considered to be the bard 's greatest tragedy . what impressed me the most about this biography is how ordinary shakespeare seemingly was . he did n't seem pretentious or snobbish , as some people envision him . he was born to a humble family and lived frugally , despite dying a rather wealthy man . although greenblatt 's writing is clear and accessible , he makes the assumption that you have already read shakespeare 's plays , or at least are very familiar with them . i have read about two thirds of them and felt a little behind when he discussed plays i had n't read , so if you have n't read more than , say , ten of his plays , the major ones , you need to crack open the norton shakespeare ( of which greenblatt is the editor-in-chief ) before you approach will in the world . 
books pos 588.txt never be sick again offers a major breakthrough in medical thinking regarding health and disease . i am a biochemist doing medical research at ucla . a friend gave me this book to read , and i was very skeptical . after reading it , i could n't stop thinking about what it was saying . i even lost sleep thinking about it . after many weeks , i have come to a conclusion - the author is right . there is only one disease and there are only two causes of disease - revolutionary ! once you understand this simple concept , it changes everything . if your mind is not closed to new ideas , the profound insights in this book will change your life for the better . it will give you the power to both prevent and reverse almost all disease . with this new understanding , from now on , i will approach my research in an entirely different way . c.l 
books pos 168.txt it shows the power of god and what he wants to do in our lives if we 'll simply obey him . how many rhees howells has god raised up but because they would n't walk with him , god was n't able to use them . i would say this is a terrifying book because i know this is something that god wants from every believer . let 's walk with jesus and see what he wants to do in our lives . regardless of our age or function in the body of christ , we can all be prayer warriors . will you ( and will i ) be warriors in the prayer closet ? that 's one the important questions that jesus is asking his church in these last days 
books pos 3.txt as a casual piano player and a broadway fanatic , i was so jazzed to play some of the songs from avenue q . the book contains everything you find on the cd and includes a few production photos . of course the little details are fun , using terms like " manilowesque " " huey-lewis shuffle " " prissy sonata " and " funky a** groove " to describe some of the songs . fun fun fu 
books pos 804.txt if it 's an animation career you 're aiming for , do n't set your sights without consulting your career in animation : how to survive and thrive . animation is now a big-ticket industry to be in offering big opportunities for new artists - but conversely , it offers far more complexities than in the past . 100 professionals from the industry provide their tips and experiences through interviews with an award-winning filmmaker , creating a comprehensive guide that follows a career from school to the real world . from networking tactics to unemployment and learning on the job , your career in animation is the perfect item of choice for any who dream of breaking into the business . diane c . donovan california bookwatch 
books pos 981.txt reading late james - particularly " the golden bowl " - often strikes me as being similar to reading a novel in a foreign language whose vocabulary you have mastered but whose grammar remains partially a mystery . anyone who has attempted this will recognise the sensation of understanding all the words , yet not understanding how they fit together . you read a sentence two , three or five times , and it is only then that you understand , if at all , the meaning of all the words combined . sometimes the meaning never becomes clear . " late james " is a foreign language , but one in which i have become more fluent over the years . when i first read " the golden bowl " some years ago i understood very little and did not enjoy it . the long , convoluted sentences , with so many things only half spoken - and often never spoken at all - seemed a vast and elaborate machine which never seemed to produce enough to justify its own existence . yet now , having read most of james over the intervening years , i have become more fluent in his language , and find the circumlocutions , complexities and ellipses of the " late style " , if not exactly crystal clear , then certainly much clearer , and even rather comforting and enjoyable . the subtle discriminations , the way james holds up to the light tenuous motives and turns them slowly - very slowly - so that their hidden facets become , fleetingly , visible ; the very real portrayal of interesting characters that james reveals ; as well as the languorous , unpredictable turns of a jamesian sentence - all offer the kinds of pleasures that no other writer ( possibly excepting proust ) is able to produce . " the golden bowl " consists largely of conversations , some continuing over many , many pages . the content of those conversations would , for most writers , comprise the details between the main actions of the plot ; and for most writers , those conversations would occupy , at most , a few pages . but for james , it is the interstices between big events , the dramas , not so much of everyday events , but of the subtle daily manipulations , the unspoken victories and losses of personal relationships , which interest him and which comprise the novel . the subject of " the golden bowl " is the reciprocal marriages of father and daughter , to a pair of former lovers . the novel is about the tensions and deceptions , and the manipulations , that arise as a result . who knows what about whom ? who is responsible for what actions ? who is deceiving whom , and who has the moral authority as a consequence ? ultimately , who , if anyone , triumphs , and is their victory a hollow one ? these are the sorts of questions james is concerned with . " the golden bowl " rates as a great novel - one of the greatest of the twentieth century - because of these qualities as well as its ambiguities . it is also an enjoyable novel , but to enjoy it you must first be sympathetic to the sorts of concerns james is interested in , and you also need to be conversant in his distinctive language . both of these require - or at least i would recommend - first reading james ' earlier and middle period works . for most of us , late james can be a struggle , but one which is justified by its rewards . i do n't regard reading " the golden bowl " as an exercise only for academics , pretentious aesthetes or literary masochists , but i sympathise with those who do . giving " stars " to a james novel seems a little inappropriate ( he is beyond these kinds of simplistic judgements ) , but i have given " the golden bowl " four stars , because there are times when it strains the patience even of those who admire the writing style and enjoy the late james novels , and i prefer " the ambassadors " or " the wings of the dove " . nevertheless , " the golden bowl " is one of the great novels in english and is highly recommended to anyone who has read and enjoyed james ' other novels . 
books pos 573.txt good basic book , bringing back points i had been taught , and a few new to me . price most reasonable . 
books pos 481.txt a very , very good book to get to know the everyday life of late imperial chinese 
books pos 711.txt i was very pleased with my order . the book was in excellent condition and i received the book in a timely manner . i would definately buy from this seller again 
books pos 163.txt i read the book first in its html form , from raymond 's site , and i felt need to buy the real book . its format is very appropriate and shows the best we have in unix . even though i have a degree in chemical engineering , i found it to be a valuable resource for my own projects for open source development 
books pos 179.txt the need for assassins is great - the evil keeps cranking up beyond belief as the suspense continues to buld . what a book and what a series - more please 
books pos 341.txt that about says it all . bill bryson is a hilarious writer . i like reading grammar books anyway , but i was always excited to read this book , as it 's so entertaining . besides that , it can teach ( or remind ) you of a lot of good rules of writing . the main problem is that several entries are unnecessary , and some necessary entries are left out . 
books pos 436.txt i affirm the positive comments of the other reviewers . i am a truck driver and dairy farmer and just finished the books on tape version of this book . i want to run away to graduate school and get at phd in physics . i hated science in school . i especialy recommend this book because it affirms true learning . it really does n't start until you fall in love with a subject and go after it just for the fun of it and for the most part on your own . much of the book is about his love of physics and scientific exploration . he touches upon how to do education wrong with his stories about science education in brazil and his work selecting k-12 science texts for the la school system . my independent road of becoming a dairy farmer affirms his thinking , and i am so glad i did not try to get an ag degree 
books pos 228.txt as always the latest compilation in this annual science fiction anthology remains one of the great anthologies as the current entries are top rate . for the most part , the thirty contributions are superb tales from a who 's who of the genre . especially fascinating is paul mcauley 's creative entry " the two dicks , " in which philip k . dick writes mainstream fiction until he meets richard nixon . other stories are well written as gardner dozier scores again with selections that run the gamut from alternative realties to artificial intelligence to " animal " intelligence that worms its way into the reader 's mind . the introduction by mr. dozier provides a " summation " of the trends in the year , which can be summarized as " stable " . science fiction fans who appreciate shorts will devour this must reading that once again lives up to its title . harriet klausner 
books pos 821.txt this book covers the entire state in one easy-to-carry book . whether you 're looking for romantic bed and breakfasts in the wine country , the hippest restaurant in san francisco , or the best beaches in la and san diego , this book is all you 'll need . it covers hotels ranging from a beach front motel in santa monica to the best places to stay in yosemite 's camp grounds 
books pos 296.txt i 've just returned from a reading of this book by my philosophy professor , dr. luke barber . although he only read from a couple chapters , it was easy to figure out that this book is definitely a must have for anyone who loves life ( or would like to learn how ) . containing good , useful ( not to mention funny ) stories , you will be able to relate to the text easily and effectively ! i plan on purchasing this book and i would definitely recommend it to anyone interested ( and even those that are not ! ) 
books pos 769.txt after a quick internet search i found many reviews on amazon as well as several other sites for this book and called in an order for it at my local barnes & noble that same night . dr. whitley has written this book in the most responsible and informative way without having to charge his readers for individual sessions ! in my opinion this is a must read not only for parents of underachievers but also teachers and counselors . we have always tried to stress the same learning structure and goals as the teachers . however , if at home you are on dr. whitley 's 10-step track and the teachers are still on a reward and punishment system - the parent needs to be proactive in dealing with the teachers and endeavor to obtain their support as a united front . although the steps may seem to be a cumbersome process at first read and initial implementation - the constant image of " mr. rogers " in the back of my mind is quite calming and thus the process can become a destressor for the parents . of course , that may not be so for those parents of hard cases where the child is at the stage where he / she is capable of " frightening " resistance . obviously , professional help with someone in-tuned with dr. whitley 's methods would be more advisable than his book ! to me - this book is for the parents of students in 6th grade or less - and possibly 7-8th graders . these kids still have some moldability and are n't as likely to have other serious issues that could be the source of the problem ( i.e. depression ) . for the grammatically correct - the substance of the content of the book far outweighs any such errors that are more the fault of the editors than the author ; 0 ) 
books pos 796.txt this is by far my favorite novel by forster , and many rereadings have made it one of my favorite novels , period . in his first book , forster shows a subtlety and lightness of touch which i , at least , feel that he lost as he got more self-consciously & quot ; philosophical&quot ; in later books like howard 's end and a passage to india . he makes wonderful use of the italian settings and of italian art , bringing them to vivid life , undermining tourist cliches , and weaving them gracefully into his main themes . no other book i know balances romanticism and irony so perfectly 
books pos 841.txt ' google advertising tools : cashing in with adsense , adwords , and the google apis ' by harold davis is one of those specialty books that is absolutely a must have for anyone that wants to succeed with advertising on google . teaching you the ins and outs of how to use the behemoth marketing tools adsense and adwords , this book will instantly start producing results if you stick to what this says and learn to make ads that are not only seen , but seen often . 300+ pages of advertising yum yums will get more people to pull over and take a look at your web site , and you will better understand the metrics behind what kinds of advertising works and what doesn't . if you advertise with google or want to in the near future , you owe it to yourself to pick up this book and start following the advice it lays out immediately . you will not be disappointed ! ! ***** highly recommende 
books pos 647.txt rolling stone has long been the " gold standard " for rock journalism . any history of rock and roll that does n't have billy joel or bob seger is all right by me . i need to update my copy right away ! great job , as usual , rolling stone ! ! ! ! 
books pos 370.txt this book is truly lovely- -about finding friendship in the most unexpected of places . i cannot imagine anyone not enjoying it immensely ( and you wo n't get tired of reading it to your kids either ) 
books pos 154.txt " the case for faith " is the weakest volume in a strong series . strobel 's format is fun and engaging . i find his books as " un-put-downable " as any blockbuster page-turner . strobel holds a degree from yale law school , and he was an award-winning legal editor at the chicago tribune . he begins with a question : " does historical evidence support the historicity of jesus ? does current science support the existence of a creator god ? does it make sense to have faith in god ? " and then travels north america , interviewing acknowledged , academic experts on the question at hand . some rather shrill and not entirely rational attacks on the web protest : " but , strobel 's books are n't fair , because he only presents one side ! " perhaps these individuals missed the titles of these books , titles that appear quite prominently on the covers of the books . the first three words of each title is , " the case for.. . " no , strobel is not presenting the case *against* his topic ; he does n't represent himself as doing so . our christophobic media and academia presents that case relentlessly ; why should strobel waste paper and time doing that , when that is obviously not what he purports to be doing ? strobel 's accounts of his interviews of the experts are always reader-friendly , but he never talks down to his reader . if you do n't want to wade through the all too often alienating prose of too much academic writing , but want to get to the nub of the issue , strobel is your man . these techniques worked excellently in " the case for a creator " and " the case for christ , " but less well in " the case for faith . " there are three remarkably strong episodes in the book ; these episodes highlight what the rest of the book lacks . in the introduction , strobel interviews canadian evangelist turned atheist charles templeton . templeton presents a righteous , enraged case *against* god , and then , tearfully , admits how much he continues to adore jesus , and , indeed , to miss him . this wrenching passage masterfully captures the dilemma of many who have a love-hate relationship with their creator . in a few brief pages that serve as coda to chapter one , which addresses the question of suffering , strobel 's friend marc harrienger talks about his own pain when his wife ran over their child with the family car . this very brief account is testimony to the power of faith , even in the face of profound suffering . in another brief passage , strobel tells of his friend ron bronski , who went from being a vicious criminal to being a christian minister . these highly personal passages are what i will remember best from this book ; they were the most rewarding to read . the formal interviews with the experts did n't do a lot for me , and some were alienating . norman geisler 's treatment of the slaughter of the amalakites alienated me with its coldness and divorce from human concerns . it may be true that in war , children are killed with their adults - - when the us bombed german and japanese cities during ww ii we killed children as well as adults - - but any attempt to address such killings would have to be delivered with more compassion than geisler manages to convey . too , there is doubt , if not complete disbelief , among archaeologists as to whether these wars of conquest ever took place ( see israel finkelstein . ) the chapter entitled " church history is littered with oppression and violence " was especially weak , compared to other treatments of the same material . strobel 's treatment of the witch trials could have been improved with insights from lyndal roper 's work . strobel does n't handle understandings of nazism as a christian phenomenon well at all . the insistence that nazism was a christian phenomenon is revisionist and divorced from historical fact , and that should be made immediately clear as day in any discussion of the matter . nazism was a pagan and a scientific phenomenon . the pagan swastika was to replace the christian cross . scientific approaches to what constitutes life worthy of life was to replace " weak " christian ideas about humanity 's unity as god 's children and the value of all life . this is not made clear enough in strobel 's account . all in all , i have to say i 've encountered better treatments of the question of faith in other books ... and yet , strobel is such a good writer , and his technique is so engaging , that you could do worse than to read this book . read the other two books in the series first , though . 
books pos 23.txt this is the best book written by stephen king ! i 've read it twice and will probably read it about ten more times before i die 
books pos 217.txt this is hawking 's attempt to write about complicated physics for those of us who did not do well in math and therefore did not take the advanced sciences requiring ability in math . while still not an easy read , it it much easier than the brief history of time that he wrote for laypeople before this . a person who wants to know what the current scientific thinking is about the nature of the universe will find it worth spending the time it takes to read and digest this book , as they will be reading about it from one of the leading scientists in this field . older teens who have some interest in sciences may also find this to be a helpful introduction to the concepts they think they want to study in depth 
books pos 962.txt there are so many design books , but the graphis series always asure you the best work quality . 
books pos 853.txt let me just say from the start i worship at the alter of richard meier , i absolutely , love his work . it 's so clean and light and refreshing . this book does a commendable job of showing some of mr. meiers most recent work , i especially like the section on his apartment towers in manhattan , these small towers are as gorgeous as they are contriversial , and the building got a great write up in vanity fair a few years ago , well worth the read , anyway the text in this book is well researched and the images are first rate , let 's just say that if you have any interest in richard meier or just great modern architecture then i believe you will not be disappointed in this purchase . highly recommended 
books pos 220.txt it helped me place myself in the right direction as far as choosing a college . it 's hard to choose colleges just by what you hear by older people but this book is extremely useful in information you need to know before visitng a college . i would reccomand this book . the software was useful to me , however if you know how to write a formal essay it 's no big deal 
books pos 400.txt the greatest paragraph in all of singer is the one at the beginning of his story , shosha , where he says he knew two dead languages , hebrew and aramaic , and was educated to read about the cultic requirements of a temple which had not existed for 1900 years ; he knew yiddish which he considered perhaps not a language at all , and that although his ancestors had lived in poland for five or six hundred years he knew only a few words of polish , although he lived in poland for all of his youth until he came to america . nothing says more about the unhealthy state of the jews than this . zionists should use this quote as the supreme justification for their idea that jewish life in the diaspora was very disfunctional and certainly unhealthy 
books pos 532.txt i was very impressed to find this very nice book . i 've heard about a quebecois who painted for the popular singer celine dion ( i 'm from quebec , canada myself ) , i wanted to see and i 'm very proud of it . huge ceilings and wonderful murals ! wow . felicitations 
books pos 392.txt clinton 's old friend and key russia advisor provides insight on a number foreign policy topics as they evolve . as deputy secretary of state , his accounts provide personal , scholarly and practical accounts . the reader might determine both that talbott was an invaluable resource as the post-cold war era evolved , and that in the end , clinton was his own & quot ; russia hand . &quot ; the primary theme of the book is the relationship between clinton and russian president boris yeltsin . as they address issues such as nato expansion , the balkans , economic difficulties , and each president 's own personal troubles , a number of lessons emerge . first , great power politics takes place between human beings , not merely among structural or organizational frameworks . second , the blending of idealism and realism is thorough and complex , they are not either-or options . third , political , military , economic , domestic and international issues all impact each other , often in surprising ways . fourth , watch out for the u in trying to explain policy making : in the generic y=ax+by+cz+u , that u ( for unexplained / unexpected ) can often play a large role . the russia hand is valuable to students of foreign policy , russia and u.s.-russia relations , and the emergence of the post-cold war era . 
books pos 944.txt this version of the old favorite is an interactive delight , engaging all the senses of reader and listener as they sing and play their way through the story . each page offers endless possibilities to captivate the interest and attention of the youngest " readers . " the progressive repetion of the song makes learning it fun and easy . all the colorful digressions , especially the silly commentaries on each page , can lead to more fun & games . wonderfully illustrated ; sturdy pages 
books pos 629.txt today , i heard sister prejean speak about her book dead man walking and about all of the experiances that shes been through concerning the death penalty . nothing less than amazing . dead man walking calls upon the unjustices in the death penalty but also on the actual death penalty victims . many people think that death penalty victims are just plain bad people . read this book . if you want to be challenged on your views , read this book . you ca n't be idle on the death penalty . also , coming soon is the death of innocence . sister prejean spoke on the content of this book and the stories within it . once again , nothing less than amazing . a story that is priceless to hear and will influence your life 
books pos 987.txt this book is packed full of incredible devices for any one who enjoys exalted . the book has a wealth of knolage from the first age as well as the age of sorrows . the book has a few sections in it that divide the items by uses , that is the only way i can discribe it . there is a giant amount of artifacts that have nothing to do with combat , and then others that are . there is a section on warstriders , basicly single man " death machines " that basicly look like large metal robots . most of the items in this volume are very well detailed and all have pictures that show you what they would more that likely look like . i do n't like saying that is what they look like because , well , this is rping people , things change by a player / gm 's perception . anyway , enough of my ramblings , this book rocks and has items that range from pens to armor to boots to royal class warstriders . this book is about gear in the world of exalted . p.s. it looks like there is going to be about 4 more of these books . my best guess is that one will be for sorcery , but that is just one book . if you think of anything else , post it here to give me some ideas on the other ones 
books pos 925.txt i am a two and a half year old boy . i go to a parent-toddler class with my mommy , and my teacher read this story to the class . the pictures captured my interest immediately . the storyline is compelling . but the most fun part is the new vocabulary i 've learned from it . i adore this book and i read it several times a day at home ( i memorized the text after my teacher and my parents read it dozens of times for me ) . i 'll never look at a squirrel the same way again 
books pos 110.txt the knot is an awesome book with everything you 'd need to keep track of your your wedding planning . i got this book and have been incredibly happy with it . i recommend going to their website as well to find additional information : theknot.com . there is also a helpful website : createyourownweddingwebsite.com that walks you through how to create a wedding website for your special day . ( that 's how i found this book ! ) i recommend buying this book ! 
books pos 716.txt along with " from science to god " mr russell establishes himself as one of the masters of spiritual reawakening . although this piece has more doomsday in it than his later work , it has the same hopeful message and the same readability . in both books mr russell never seems to lose the reader in scientific mumbo jumbo , even when discussing very complicated subjects . that is n't a statement on his intelligence or research , but rather on his ability to communicate on all levels . neither does he offend when he deals with the spiritual aspects of his writings . in short everyone can sit around his table ( well , almost everyone ) . read'em twice . 
books pos 120.txt this is a great beginners book . it 's easy to read and follow along . silver 's other books are great to start out with as well . other great starter books are " wicca " by scott cunningham , " witch crafting " & " book of shaddows " by phyllis curott , these authors will help you get started very well . also i recommend " the witches almanac " by elizabeth pepper , this is a witches must have on her shelf . happy readings.... . 
books pos 951.txt i found this book to be very helpful . it does n't just give you the steps to do little tasks like some of the other books i looked at ; it explains the features and why you would use them , and shows you how to do things from start to finish . it also has a lot of helpful hints that are n't related to the exercises- -last night my husband installed vista business edition and could n't find a feature he wanted , and i was able to find the solution immediately in this book 
books pos 991.txt if you want to read a book that 's exciting , happy , and mind-blowing you should read small steps . from the author that brought you holes , louis sachar , is at his best . this book is sort like a sequel to holes . the main character , armpit , is stuck in a situation which he can not handle . he is in the heat in austin , texas and i think it is making him do crazy illegal things . at first he did not know what he was doing was wrong , but now he just hopes he does not have to go back to jail . i think that this book is good for any reader 11 and above . both boys and girls would enjoy this book . i think they should make a movie out of the book ; it would get outstanding remarks . this is one out of few books that i could read over and over again . 
books pos 422.txt great book ; it get 's you thinking . my kids arre almost out of the nest and they are all i could ask for . yes , i worked . but not until they were in school , almost always part time and i did not use ' working ' as an excuse to not volunteer at school , sports , and generally be in my kids lives . the point is really about your priorities . do you instinctively put your kids needs first ? it 's been interesting to see how things have worked out with families in our area . we have a large group of kids who have been together since kindergarten ; now they are seniors . you can instantly tell which parents were connected , involved and had their priorities straight . not all of them stayed home the whole time . on and off i used to listen to dr. laura , frequently agreeing , but many times not . what i love is that she has an unpopular point of view and she 's not going to let social , financial , or industry pressure dilute her message . yes , she 's frequently abrasive ; so were many people who have made an impact in the course of events in this world . if you are a parent with young children read the book at least it will give you important ideas to agree or disagree with . 
books pos 224.txt my husband and i recently bought a home and i really felt i needed to find some tips on being organized . i used to be very organized ( and still am at work ) , but with the birth of my daughter almost a year and a half ago that has all gone down hill around the house . i came away with some really good tips for organization . not to mention some good tips on how to get rid of ants and various other insects and rodents . great book for any mom who feels their house needs a little boost in the organization department 
books pos 16.txt beautiful , stunning absolutely gorgeous . a quick note to fellow brits , this was ordered on october 22nd and arrived on november 1st and is much cheaper here than on amazon.co.uk or anywhere else in the uk ! ! i 've ordered stuff domestically that has taken longer in the post ! ! 
books pos 506.txt i have n't completed the book yet , but so far have found it to be very insightful and enjoyable . it begins in genesis and continues from there hitting on the most commonly read bible sections to the not so often or seldom read sections . he ends everyday with a thought provoking question to think on through out the rest of your day . i always look for to the next reading 
books pos 697.txt i think those who have n't been where henri nouwen was , and were n't introduced to this " book " then will have a difficult time truly appreciating its gravity . thank god for henri nouwen 
books pos 978.txt this was a very informative read . i have gotten so many great ideas and will be using many of them in my own coastal garden . this is much more than a typical gardening how-to book . there is so much wisdom here and also some interesting facts . organic gardening is my first love and i was pleased to see ms. hadley insist on it in her own garden . a garden by the sea reads like a story as well as a great resource for gardening information . i agree with the other reviews here , it is like talking with a friend . this book has become a treasured addition to my library 
books pos 671.txt leonaur ltd. is publishing the definitive edgar rice burroughs 21st century editions . these usually contain 2 books of the different erb major series in order - thus far john carter , pellucidar , and carson of venus . in the future , possibly tarzan ! these books are handsome and my rating is mainly based on this - the erb fan knows best about the rest of it . this first volume of joh carter of mars contains 2 / 3 of the greatest science fiction / fantasy trilogy ever . what is nore remarkable is that these were published over 40 years before tolkien 's lotr and over 50 before tolkien became fashionable . " a princess of mars " , " the gods of mars " , and " the warlord of mars " are erb 's greatest work . it is sad , in a way , that tarzan obscures erbs mars novels for the general public . these books deserve to be beter known , and it is astonishing no movie or tv adaptation has ever been attempted ( which might be a good thing , after all ! ) . if only steven spielberg or peter jackson were interested ! of course , genre and erb aficionados have long know and cherised these great stories . i wonder how many others were first attracted to these by the magnificent ballantine editions of the 1960s ? if you are a fan as am i , support leonaur ltd. 's efforts by buying these magnificent books . 
books pos 504.txt this collection of plays is extraordinary . shepard threads tales of cartoonlike characters bound by the direst of circumstances excellently 
books pos 836.txt this book is a celebration of color and the watercolor medium . turning the pages is like watching a fabulous fireworks display . each page reveals another explosion of beautiful color painting . like fireworks , some paintings go off with a huge bang , and others are more muted ; but each painting has something to say - - there are no & quot ; duds . &quot ; helpful comments by the artists give insight as to how and why each painting was done . if you 're an artist looking for inspiration , this book can really give you a whack in the side of the head that will send you running to your paints . even if you 're not an artist , you 'll enjoy the gorgeous colors and wide , wild variety of subjects and techniques . an astonishing book and well worth the price 
books pos 728.txt inspirational , insightful , funny . answers the age old question , " but i 'm just one person ; can i really make a difference ? " 
books pos 508.txt this was perhaps the best of johannes steinhoff 's books , since it does not deal with his own stellar yet tragic ww ii and post war career . the insights of the average person living in germany are of great importance to both social and military historians alike . steinhoff offered this collective testament as a warning to all of us regarding war and the rise of a dictator . as johannes said in an interview , & quot ; it is always the civilians who suffer the most , yet are remembered the least . &quot 
books pos 185.txt i 've always read lots of books about singles and how to find a mate , and that rate has sped up since i 'm now a romance coach . but somehow i had missed susan page 's " if i 'm so wonderful , why am i still single ? " even though it has been out since 1998 , the last year i was single myself . where have i been , and why had n't i seen this book ? susan page writes for " involuntary singles " - - straight , gay , male or female , each and every one of us who is single and wishes we weren't . relentlessly positive , she starts off right to the point with " so why are you still single anyway ? " and then , just when we 've gotten over that shock , she states flatly : " whatever your reasons are for being single , if you want to be in a relationship , no reason is good enough . " then page goes about tearing apart every good reason we 've ever come up with to keep ourselves single . here 's what page takes on and turns around : ambivalence ( my favorite ) , those " dreadful statistics , " the myth of " there are no good ways to meet people , " and having and keeping high standards . then she works on developing skills in what she calls " frog kissing " : learning to say no , how to recognize true intimacy , avoiding " commitmentphobes , " handling the intimacy gap , and learning to say " yes . " and in the last section , " keeping it all together while you look , " page tells you just how to do all that . this is easily the best , most thorough , rounded and positive book about relationships and dating i have seen . if you are one of page 's " involuntary singles , " this book needs to be in your library . five chocolate dipped strawberries for susan page ! this is quite a book . 
books pos 859.txt an ex-officer in the argentinean military confesses how political prisoners were murdered . i ca n't write & quot ; highly recommended&quot ; about this book , because it seems to trivialise those horrible events to some marchendising event . just read it , you may not be able to sleep for few nights , but you 'll get a true look into the mirror of evil regimes , supported by the united states only because they were & quot ; anti-communist&quot ; 
books pos 169.txt this book captures the human spirit , at both its best and its worst . schwarz-bart is a masterful author in his telling of the tale of ernie levy , from birth and on . he also , shows us the readers the cruelty of nature that was the nazi movement . it is unfortunate that so many people had to suffer so much through history as did the jewish people . it is one might say not a fair trade for normal life to be a just man , although without them humanity would crumble , as future readers will find out their importance . and if there really are just men in our world...we really owe them a great deal of thanks for taking the pains of the world on their shoulders 
books pos 419.txt newt gingrich presents common sense solutions to the pressing issues of our day in a clear concise and easily understood manner . this book should be required reading for all civics and history classes in high school and college . if the policies dr. gingrich proposes could be implemented , the us would not only become the shining city on a hill , it would also become , far and away , the world 's most powerful economy throughout the next fifty years with prosperity for all americans who chose to join the ownership society he envisions 
books pos 891.txt richard fortney 's " earth " is a survey , in mostly layman 's terms , of the geological history of the earth and how it relates to humankind . fortney tells the story by means of a journey around the earth , selecting a series of locations where the earth 's geology is apparent , and usually the meaning of that geology was debated by scholars to a greater understanding . fortney starts at mount vesuvius in italy , preceeds to the hawaiian islands , hence to the swiss alps and to other locations aroudn the world . fortney relates the geology of each chosen location to plate tectonics as a means to explain how each terrain come to be the way it is . this leads into extended and sometimes fascinating discussions of the former alignements of the continents in prior ages such as the " supercontinent " of gondwana . for each location , fortney also relates the effects of the terrain on the history of the humans who have lived in that location . along the way , fortney drives home the sheer vastness of the timescale of earth and its geological processes . the dedicated reader will view his landscape with a new perspective . fortney is a gifted writer with a good eye for the illustrative anecdote . large portions of this book will be fascinating to the reader with at least some schooling in the sciences . it turns out , for example , that the complicated geology of newfoundland results from its origin as pieces of three different tectonic plates ( north america , ocean bottom , and northern europe ) . the descriptions of northwest scotland as the remains of truly ancient mountains are put into appropriate scale in part by fortney 's historical anecdotes and by his experiences of rockhounding in the often cold rainy weather of the scottish highlands . the narrative runs a little long at over 400 pages , and fortney 's explanations will sometimes outrun the scientific background of the average reader . nevertheless , this book is highly recommended to the reader with at least a casual interest in geology and its links to human history 
books pos 857.txt isalnd of the blue dolphins is an exciting book about an indian girl named karana . karana is left behind on an island when all the rest of her tribe leaves . on the island karana befriends many animals and survives in the uniquie ways of her tribe . will karana survive ? will she make it back to her tribe ? island of the blue dolphins is an exciting book that everyone should read 
books pos 102.txt if a book makes me look forward to mid-life - i am all over it ! this book was actually required reading for my course study in human development - what a find ! here , harvard researcher and bestselling author , joan borysenko , takes the cycles of a woman 's life and divides them into 7 year increments . along the journey , she also makes a great case for debunking old myths about women and aging . ? that 's a big 10-4 , ms. borysenko ! i find myself constantly at odds with the " beauty " images that the media gives us . i mean , come on , why ' o why are we more often rewarding people for how they look and less for what they contribute to society ? perhaps it 's escapism - i tell myself ( in effort to sleep at night ) . yet , after reading borsyenko 's , book i 'm reminded that , yes , it 's good to follow intellectual pursuits . and , yes , there 's differences between women and men . according to borysenko , women are most often motivated by what they can contribute to society , family , and how to make a difference in the world . men tend to define themselves by their work . most telling ! anyhow , i wo n't give away the store here - but in my opinion , if you are of the female persuasion , you will not want to miss this read . 
books pos 540.txt from the introduction of basic concepts such as likelihood ratios and predictive values to the simple table format with the always beautiful netter illustrations , this is the ortho exam text to have . i just hope the next edition is being planned to keep pace with new research . thank you to joshua cleland for putting this together for us 
books pos 946.txt this is by far the best dictionary on the market . far better than merriam-webster 's outdated and obtuse dictionary , the american heritage dictionary is a dictionary for the 21st century . it is up-to-date , informative , pleasing to look at and browse . i would gladly pay full price for this dictionary . finally , i can discard my outdate m-w dictionary . what a joy 
books pos 200.txt playstation and x-box have nothing over the toy of the future : a time-travel device which allows for visits to the past . there 's only one problem with theo 's enjoyment of the latest model : it appears to be defective , and his interactions with peoples of the past increasingly holds dangers of changing the future . the debut titles in the newe " jump-man rule " series by james valentine , do n't touch anything provides quick action and unpredictable twists of plot , including romance , making it a most unusual , satisfying adventure story recommended for ages 8-12. 
books pos 902.txt these mysteries are cozy and interesting and good ! ! ! they are perfect ! ! ! i could not ask for a better mystery ! ! ! not only is the setting and atmosphere cozy , but the clues , story line , and pacing are perfect ! this author definitely has talent ! ! ! the clues are perfectly and cleverly crafted and lead to the mystery solving . and the characters - you feel like you know them ! ! ! i love this small town and all the characters . not just the main characters , but the other characters have purpose and meaning in this book . hannah opened up a cookie shop , with the encouragement of her sister , andrea . hannah finds the milk truck delivery driver dead in his truck . she is determined to find out why he was murdered . i also loved the cookies and coffee and cold weather ! and i enjoyed the sisters ' relationship 
books pos 81.txt sacred pathways is easy to read , plain , balanced , and straightforward . the book surveys 9 different spirituality types . for each type it identifies scripture , historical characters , styles of worship , and dangers . the book contains an evaluation tool to help the reader identify his or her personal spiritual personality . as with any survey tool this book does not go deeply enough into any particular spiritual practice . it does n't need to . what it offers is an excellent service to the christian community . for those who are trapped in a church that worships in a style predominately different from the their own , this book offers the knowledge that the reader is not alone . there are others out there that worship in the same way . for those who believe that all true worship looks like their style of worship this book offers a broader view of the christian landscape . i gave this book 5 stars because it could have a potentially life changing impact on those who have lived in a closed environment . 
books pos 339.txt i 've skimmed a number of popular books published in the last few years on the problem of sexless marriage , and this is by far most interesting contribution to date . first , there is no recommendations for drug therapy anywhere in the book . second , the author frequently brings into the discussion a european-influenced view of some particularly american style predilictions and assumptions reguarding sex , parenthood , gender politics , and relationship expectations . her fundamental premise is that eroticisim requires seprateness , and in the course of building and sustaining security , we can frequently lose the " me " and " you " in us . but even more important , she sees the very contemporary marital impulse toward an egalitarian union - - while great for chores and child care - - can be a neutralizer in the bedroom . you may or may not find strands of your own dilemma in her case histories , but you will not walk away from them empty handed , either . there are many aspects of the book which are highly nuanced , and wo n't survive well in the o'reilly world of broadcast media interviews . i can just hear some producer-fed talking head asking something like , " you advocate couples go to vegas for swinging ? why ? " ( she does n't ) . so do n't pay attention to that noise . this is an intellegent , respectful , contemplative work of original thinking that confronts a subject too often approached with superlatives and pabulum . buy one for yourself and one for your best friend - - more than likely , they 're suffering , too 
books pos 255.txt tim russert is a great journalist and this book is a great resource for ideas and suggestions on how to be a better dad . in fact there is something in this book for everyone no matter what your relationship with your father is or was . the most precious things a father can provide are time , attention , and love . this book makes the reader sit back and appreciate the little things only you and your dad know . great work ! keep it up , tim ! - - i also watch most of tim 's tv programs . 
books pos 337.txt well written and fully documented . i confess that i knew very little about the beginings of islam or its constant bloodshed . anywhere islam becomes entrenched , freedom is taken away and civilizations are destroyed . hatred is not discouraged but encouraged . islam 's world view is this in a nutshell , do it our way or perish . this book will rob you of your sleep 
books pos 847.txt i loved this book . it talked about every facet of the stock market , but did n't go overboard with jargon . i knew absolutely nothing about stocks and after reading this book i am ready to learn more . it was well written , interesting , and , unlike some investing books , the author was not trying to sell anything . this is the perfect book for anyone who wants to invest but has no knowledge of the subject . i really enjoyed this book 
books pos 373.txt this was by far the best genero / kenzie novel of the series . i loved this book . everything about it . in this one , you really got to see the emotional side of bubba . made him more likeable . the storyline kept me riveted and not wanting to put the book down . i was happy to see angie and patrick back together . the ending was very good and left you thinking the character could possibly come back in a future book . i 'm scratching my head wondering why this was the last book of the series and why lehane has n't published another . it 's been 5 years . i will be watching for it 
books pos 798.txt i would recomend this book to anyone , it is fantastic and funny . it made me laugh . it really took my imagination on an adventure . you really need to read this book . 
books pos 738.txt as a social work psychotherapist , i recommend this book highly and with great confidence . i have a number of people i see individually or via phone consultation and have recommended they purchase this book as adjunct to the work we do together . peter understands and explains well the relationship between our emotional attachments and the " thhings " we collect . great insight and recommended 
books pos 285.txt having spent time negotiating sports sponsorship contracts , i have a new found love for negotiating . in reading this book , the authors have laid out a clear and concise program in which to begin , work through and close negotiatings . a great book for beginners and a good brush up for intermediates and pros 
books pos 384.txt it seems as if it is impossible for a.s byatt to write a bad or even a mediocre story . after this novel , she is one of my new absolute favorites and i have vowed to read everything this amazing author has written . i began to read the virgin in the garden , and could not put it down . i was enraptured by the beautiful descriptions of the two contrasting " elizabethian ages " and the characters . frederica has to be one of the most despicable , and yet intriguing literary characters in years . my breath was also taken away by the story of marcus potter- -a haunting , amazing character that will stay with you for days . the way byatt writes , she transports you to 1950s england and the lives of the potters . i felt as if i knew these characters like family , and could almost sit down to lunch with them by the end of the book . her style , timing , and subtle metaphors of passion and life are irresistible and amazing . this is truly a writer who will stand the test of time to become an icon in the likes of the brontes , jane austen , and kate chopin . i cannot wait to share this book with everyone i know . highly , highly reccomended . go to the bookstore or your local library , ignore the new glossy bestsellers that try and cheat you out of your money and instead pick up this gorgeous , powerful read that new authors cannot hold a candle to . 
books pos 797.txt i learned more about human resource methodology in corporations from each chapter . great summaries about corporations in the public eye . good case history and citing of heuristics for running any good learning organization . you learn the basics for management 2000. my professor used this book for the university of phoenix . i really enjoyed learning about the various theories and paradigms for modern managers . i found the case histories useful for analysis and my papers . a book for the future cio 's , ceo 's and hr directors within us all 
books pos 123.txt nine months ago i was hired to help turnaround a once successful business . from day one i realized that this was a company without focus . it 's one thing to define a problem , another to find a solution . haneberg 's book was a shot in the arm . just one concept - - " stop multitasking " - - would have been a major breakthrough for my team . and , personally , the idea of doing " one great thing " has completely revitalized my approach to a huge job . this book immediately rose to the rank of three or four " must read " titles in my business library . in the couple of months since i first read it ( and i 've re-read it a couple of times ) our department has moved far away from the reactive mode that drove decisions - - we 're nailing deadlines , we 're closing more sales , we 're thinking more strategically across the board . in a business and social environment that throws more at us day-by-day , hour-by-hour , this book is even more important than it would have been just a few years ago . we 're all doing more with less - - and this is a book that has helped me see order amid the chaos of conflicting priorities . if it 's true , as woody allen says , that 98% of success is showing up , then the other 2% is knowing how to keep your eye on the ball once you get there . this is the manual for getting your business - - and your life - - where you want it to be 
books pos 150.txt the sunday philosophy club , and the other 2 titles in this series by john mccall smith , are everything the fans of mme ramotswe would hope they would be . leaving botswana was hard , but now we are in edinborough scotland , and isabelle dalhousie is as wise and vulnerable and real and wonderful as her african predecessor . it is a miracle that a man can write his women characters so believably and so lovably . it is another miracle that anyone can write such absorbing , cozy , engrossing books . this is good literature and good fun . the sunday philosophy club along with friends , lovers , chocolate , and the more recent the right attitude toward rain , are too wonderful to miss . welcome to scotland 
books pos 314.txt this was one of my first books to really read through . i fell in love with it at once and i could n't stop reading it . it is brilliant writing ! you can easily imagine everything dahl writes as fact . i will always hold roald dahl in my heart as the person who set my reading heart on fire , and i have been an avid reader ever since ! i still pull this book off the shelf and read it every couple of years . i am 21 and i still am enthralled with it . i now look for other books that he has written and still love his stuff . i will always be a fan , and you should be too , starting with this one ! a great book - for all ages 
books pos 235.txt i would agree with the translator that imitation of christ ranks very close to the bible . i read it over and over . it is shocking clear and concise . it forces you to examine your conscience and admit that you are a sinner and encourages you not to be afraid to carry your cross and aim , yes , to be a saint . thomas a kempis 's words cut to the heart and ring true over and over . in the normal state of human depravity , deception , duplicity , relativism , and excuse-making no one could write such a book without a transcendant , almighty , omniscient , omnipresent and infinitely merciful lord . each chapter feeds the hungry and thirsty soul and feeds the fire to seek our lord more and more . i wait patiently for your return lord jesus for your judgement and the new heavan and earth 
books pos 407.txt how would you like to have to perform your own autopsy ? that is the conundrum that faces dr. maura isles in body double when she returns from a conference in france to find that the identical twin she never knew she had has been murdered in front of her house . the investigation into the murder leads maura to a mental institution to confront the woman who gave the identical twins up for adoption 40 years before , and also leads maura into the chilling discovery that a serial killer has been murderng pregnant women . this book moves quickly as maura follows the investigation to its very surprising conclusion . it 's a pleasure to see maura team up with dr. jane rizzoli- - maura seems to take some of the hard edges off of jane and jane seems to make maura a little less of an ice princess . this is an enjoyable book that you will find is hard to put down until the end 
books pos 695.txt jimmy carter is usually considered a mediocre president at best , totally incompetent at worst . nothing could be further from the truth . this book lists his presidential successes and goes on to show how they led to his influential post-presidential activities . we now can see jimmy carter for what he truly is , a human rights champion and a shining example to us all 
books pos 757.txt the authors have done an excellent job in explaining testing methodologies for component based software . black box and white box testing methodologies have been explained particularly well . test automation and automation tools are also covered in great detail . the book also describes integration testing , regression testing and performance testing quite well . overall , this is one of the most comprehensive text books on this subject . i highly recommend it for both students and software professionals . 
books pos 592.txt expect everyone to maintain a peaceful hush as you read this book aloud . a sense of serenity permeates through the words and is perfectly matched by the illustrations . the imagery captures your senses and the story pulls at your heartstrings . grandfather twilight is an endearing character that makes you feel warm and safe . this wonderful book is sure to appeal to all ages ( preschool to an older adult ) . and , it is n't just for bedtime either . 
books pos 412.txt the novels in this series are not the escapist fantasies that many associate with the arthurian legends . they are , in fact , historical fiction at its best . whyte has gone to great lengths to not only ensure historical accuracy , but to weave the stories into historic events . the first six novels in the series ( that is all i have read , though it appears that there are two or three more ) give a wonderfully plausible explaination for the genesis of the arthurian legend . but the beauty of the books is in whyte 's prose . a scottish poet , he uses the language beautifully and creates characters so vivid and multidimensional that we forget the 1600 between their time and ours . these books will not insult your intelligence , and they prove that one does not need to suspend the laws of physics or distort the facts of history to find magic in the arthurian legend . 
books pos 51.txt neverwhere is one of gaiman 's best yet ! i highly recommend this novel 
books pos 538.txt this book provides some brief but good background to set the context then proceeds to succinctly communicate those aspects of uml one really needs to know 
books pos 471.txt not many writers can characterize children realistically . somehow a stylized silhouette emerges and the child fades in the background and the plot or adult characters take over the storyline and the children characters end up being nothing more than fluff . this is definately not one of those novels . carson mccullers writes almost with artistic persicion on her two most elaborate characters , f . jasmine and john henry west . i really cannot think of another story , maybe , a good man is hard to find , by flannery o'conner , where the writer can get inside the mind of a child ; evoking their unique thoughts and feelings with a sense of ease . john henry west is one of the most well rounded and well written children i have ever read , and that is a great homage to her writing ability . *i first read this at ten , can see that age or older reading it . will have a intense impact on a sensitive pre teen reader 
books pos 685.txt based on the description , i expected this to be a davinci code knock-off , but gave it a shot since i recieved a free copy . comparing labyrinth to the davinci code do it injustice ; this is definately not an imitator and is worth reading in it 's own right . i enjoyed the characters , plot , and switching between the past and present . i 'm not sure it has literary value ( i would n't argue that the davinci code does , either ) , but it 's certainly complex enough to make you think about the plot and character relationships without being difficult to follow 
books pos 80.txt rarely is there a book that i can not put down , this was an exception . quite a suspensfull page turner . any book that can draw you in and you can visualize the characters and the scenery is excellent and this book did that . i would have given it 5 stars , but i do not like romance blended in with any suspense novel , that 's just my taste . by far , however , one of the best books i have read in a long time 
books pos 677.txt whether everything 's on the level here or not i have no idea but in the neverland of hollywood it does n't surprise me that an ex-mouseketeer could be drawn into the shadowy and dangerous circle of colorful mobster mickey cohen . it is a vastly entertaining read , however , and would make a cool movie 
books pos 371.txt what a great upbeat book that still covers the struggles of a child of a divorced family , living in poverty , and being of a mixed race . great great read with a great ending that was n't to unbelievable . it left you with a good feeling even though the struggles of the children were very real . great life lessons as well as cultural lessons in this book 
books pos 475.txt i am a prekindergarten teacher . this book is a favorite of all of my students both boys and girls . the story has an important moral that all children can learn from . the moral is to be yourself and that you do not need to copy others . stephanie not only does her own thing but stands up for herself . this story gives children the courage to stand up for themselves and to be an individual 
books pos 291.txt while peter jay fernandez and jay o . sanders are n't the only actors to narrate the acclaimed cross series , they certainly are among the finest . with a host of television appearances to his credit ( law & order , cosby ) massachusetts born hernandez has also made his mark on broadway in jelly 's last jam and the merchant of venice . his voice has a tad of huskiness , which makes it all the more appealing as cross . in all , fernandez has been featured in almost 12 of the alex cross tales , so he well knows the characters and easily inhabits each scene . to date , jay o . sanders has narrated over 50 audio books , and he 's a perfect voice partner for fernandez . his experience includes off-broadway roles in shakespearean plays , which may account for his remarkably clear diction and easy listening tone . the voices of fernandez and sanders complement one another as they bring one of the most compelling cross stories to life . it 's a painful attention-getter when we listen again to how cross lost his beloved wife , maria - she was shot down before his eyes . her killer was never found ; the case chalked off as another sick drive-by shooting . now , cross has returned to being a psychologist , his children are thriving , and perhaps he may be able to love someone again . however , a telephone call from john sampson , his old partner , changes all that . sampson wants cross 's help in finding a psychopathic serial rapist on the loose in georgetown . of course , cross ca n't say no but little did he realize that this investigation would lead him to a tie-in to maria 's death some years ago . one more rapid paced thriller from the amazing pen of james patterson read by two consummate voice performers . - gail cook 
books pos 37.txt i bought this book just recently and was really touched ( and cried ) by the whole experience that gus had went through . he has lost the one friend that gave him a second chance ( stephanie ) and without her , he could 've been out there on the street again . overall , it 's a good book to read and i always believe that man and animals can be best friends and learn from one another , this book is a genuine prove . 
books pos 861.txt a classic ! i loved paddington as a child and i 'm thrilled to have this in our cd collection . ( i 'd even listen without the kids ! ) . stephen fry reads the stories very well 
books pos 142.txt miller knows his subjects ( the people ) and his subject ( their desperation ) with a clarity and fearlessness that most people would prefer to avoid . viewing his photographs are no easier a task than living wholly and honestly . skinheads , speedfreaks , tenderloin whores , friends and neighbors . lucid , terrifying , and ultimately beautiful photographs from a man of the same qualities 
books pos 219.txt this was a very revealing look into how steroids played a role in baseball player success starting in the 1980s . this was an influential book which began a congressional search into the use of steroids in baseball . 
books pos 988.txt it is over a hundred dollars but put it off this is the book . you wo n't need any others 
books pos 568.txt i 'm writing this before reading the whole book but its a collection of articles so the different chapters are discrete units under a common theme of the economies of the arab world with a good deal on the economies of their oil producing gcc members . reading this book more than twenty years after it was published is fascinating as so many of the issues and repercussions mentioned have either come true or held true and the state of the region has not improved considerably but even regressed in many cases . consider the following excerpt from the book that i found interesting : " the oil states today face tremendous challenges , as oil revenues start to decline . few expected that the decline would come so soon . everybody knew it would come , but it was expected later rather than sooner . " this is almost like seeing history repeat itself in real time . worth a look if you 're interested in the field 
books pos 411.txt tolstoy 's honesty at his own selfish motives and his dissapointment with the true value of his accompleshments is wonderfully refreshing . his writing is so personal and open that i do n't think anyone can walk away from this unmoved . i was dissapointed that he rejects the concept of a personal active god in the conclusion of his search 
books pos 302.txt this is a resource used by all nps i have talked to . great addition to your library . 
books pos 113.txt if you are young , under 30 , this is a good guide to help you figure out your path through the minefields of trying to understand the other sex . if you are older , this is a good refresher course on things you may have already learned ( or things that you missed ) in the school of everyday life . for both younger and older readers this is a very good tool to help you understand yourself and others . 
books pos 968.txt this is an excellent book . its academic / sociological approach may put off some lay readers , but that would be too bad . the subject , and the message , are both very important . in many ways , this book is similar to & quot ; the appearance of impropriety : how the ethics wars have undermined american government , business and society , & quot ; but although this book is somewhat less accessible to general readers it is certainly stronger from a social-science standpoint . an excellent book , well worth reading for anyone interested in why repeated efforts to stamp out political corruption have borne such mixed ( at best ) results 
books pos 391.txt i first encountered this gem of a book when i decided to home educate my children for a few years , and it came with my daughter 's fourth grade calvert school kit . yes , it is european ethnocentric and there are the references to god , but our family was and remains enlightened enough and able to explain *context* even to children . whether you are a bible thumper or dedicated atheist , or somewhere in between , do n't discount this book just because of your beliefs ! there is much that is amazing and simply golden in this book . as a historian , i cannot think of a better way to introduce western civilization to a child . the storybook format is a real winner with kids , and if you 're reading it to them aloud , as i did , well , play editor as you go along ! or take the time to explain the context of the times in which it was written . i will be ordering another copy of this book , as my original copy was stolen by some rather sneaky and acquisitive ex-inlaws ( you know who you are ! ) . this book is a do n't miss . and it is also excellent for adults who do n't like history but recognize the need for such knowledge 
books pos 604.txt i took my last science course about 40 years ago and had forgotten how interesting science can be . this book is not light reading and some people will probably not get past the first few pages but i really enjoyed it . i found tons of new information on mushrooms in spite of the fact that i studied mushrooms in college ( until my father decided science was not for girls and convinced me to go to law school . yep , those were the good old days . ) you will enjoy it as long as you take into account that it is a scientific book , perfect for geeks 
books pos 124.txt to learn some italian before visiting italy , i tried multiple language-learning programs borrowed from my local library . some were ridiculous , many required using a workbook . then i stumbled on the pimsleur program , which is totally audio , allowing me to learn italian while i drove to and from work . due to the pedagogically - sound method pimsleur developed for language learning , i actually did learn some basic italian . as a result i bought " conversational italian . " though i 've never considered myself adept at language-learning , i actually felt confident in my ablility to learn italian as a result of these cds . i 've raved about them to friends who have expressed interest in learning a language 
books pos 609.txt i read the pig man by paul zindel for a summer vacation assignment . in all , i do not enjoy reading books , but i was surprised by the humor in this book . when i was reading it , i would have to stop reading and i would start laughing . it would take a while to calm myself down . it first started with john and lorraine , then a lot of strange things started to happen to them . the old man that they where trying to prank call , was actually going to give them money . when they meet him it all changed . they where worried because they lied to him and did not know what to do . they told him the truth and became good friends with the pig man . they called him the pig man because his name was mr. pignati , and he collected hundreds of little pig statues . john and lorraine learned a lot about the importance of life as they grew to love the pig man . this sad story has to taught them how to move on after a loved one has died . 
books pos 167.txt jmaes joyce takes us on stephen daedalus ' interior journey from pre-teen as son of a country gentleman to young adult who wanders the streets of dublin , struggling with sin , salvation , intellect , ambivalence about his homeland , and his father 's decline . it is not a linear path , but then whose is ? the story is not so much about the artist as a young man , but about a young man 's journey to artistic sensibility , its pretensions and exhilirations . jaklak sez check it out 
books pos 972.txt interesting . i never knew there were so many varities of garlic and onions . i 'll be growing some next year 
books pos 887.txt tony kern has managed to pull together the wisdom and experience of & quot ; the best&quot ; pilots around . his use of case studies of real pilots and real situations includes examples from the military , commercial , and geneal aviation communities . in short , the book is useful for any pilot whether they are working toward their private pilot license or are employed as a senior airline captain . for many pilots , it will reinforce what they already know and practice but for many , it will provide the opportunity to become & quot ; old&quot ; pilots . if you fly , read the book 
books pos 923.txt i had ordered this for hanukkah 2006 , but luckily i took a sneak peak first . my daughter , aged 4 , would find this far too scary . despite its inappropriateness for the younger , more sensitive reader , it is excellently written and very well illustrated . i have not returned it , but it 'll be a while before it comes down from my shelf 
books pos 100.txt greg and tim know what they are talking about and glad to add this book to my collection ! walt disney records deserved a treatment like this and it would make a great gift for the holidays ! a+++++++++++++++++ 
books pos 79.txt this book is a rare but insightful look into the practice of one of the new urbanist legends . uda began the pattern book revival a decade ago ( and also has a book out describing the process of writing one . ) they also are one of the pioneers of the new urbanist revolution , which , by discarding the fictions of modernist planning , have rediscovered existing methods and have discovered new methods of creating compact , mixed-use and walkable neighborhoods that were always the basic cellular structure of cities from the dawn of time until just before world war ii . we have understood the basic principles again for some time . what this book shows are some of the mechanics of how to do it again 
books pos 553.txt pictures via camera reflect not only what the photographer sees , but what he thinks about . the most successful reflect an understanding of things as much as their image , and jerry thompson 's exploration of the relationship between seeing and thinking in truth and photography provides a set of fine duotone photos to illustrate essays reflecting on working photography experiences 
books pos 329.txt this book is one of the best on understanding dogs and also for training them . our daughter dr. shannon dominguez dch who is head of the maui animal therapy program - - - highly recommends this book . [...] she has trained therapy dogs in a short time using these methods . we have adopted two little terriers from shelter and they are respondeing beautifully to the day by day suggestions on how to train young as well as old dogs and we would say these methods would work on children : - ) as well ! ! 
books pos 225.txt this book if very well done , it has diagrams that not only are clear but also easy to follow , the photos are outstading , the selecction of models are just rigth . i will recomend it for everyone that is interesting in origami and as a good gift for a family 
books pos 383.txt i 've been a fan of carol dweck 's scholarly work for years . her work on self-esteem , self-concept , and the incremental vs. entity theories of intelligence provides some of the most powerfully useful tools i 've encountered for educators and parents in their work with children , as well as in their own self-awareness and lives . i 'm delighted to see this information written here in such a user-friendly conversational tone , rich with stories that illustrate the nuances and complexities of dweck 's research and ideas . i 'm recommending this book to all of my graduate students ( teachers and principals working with gifted learners ) , as well as to parents of high-ability children . dona matthews , ph.d . , director of the hunter college center for gifted studies and education , city university of new york 
books pos 131.txt i used this book as a student and still use it for teaching . pieces are nice and students are challenged to think musically . it moves quicker than some other method books ; it covers materials from elementary to early intermediate . upon completion of the first grade book students can play standard repertoire in the early intermediate level . students must have completed early elementary level before using this book because this book starts with playing two hands in c position . emphasize phrasing from the first piece . highly recommended 
books pos 507.txt this book helped us understand what is happening with our 13 year old daughter and how to help her . it 's been a long process but having this book has given us encouragement , patience and positive steps so that she can move ahead in her life 
books pos 620.txt this is my kindergarten son 's favorite junie b . book , although he loves them all . he laughs out loud at junie b 's antics and loves pointing out her grammar mistakes . i love junie b . books because it helps initiate conversations with my son about his kindergarten . i 'll ask questions like , ' has anyone in your class ever done anything like that' . this particular book led to interesting discussions about how grown-ups make mistakes too and whether someone goes to jail for a minor crime ( that 's all i will say without giving it away ) . enjoy junie b . - she 's charming 
books pos 942.txt having attended the fictitious " grove school " bingham describes in this book , i am confident in saying that it is all true . we are all indeed messed up and destined for the ivy league . in any event , the fictitious " fairfield academy " does also exist . i frequent the grove house of pizza and i highly recommend the chicken cutlet sub . bingham has written a fine text and i only wish he were alive to read these reviews now . hip hip hooray 
books pos 542.txt this book was amazing ! i 'm giving it to my dad for helping me through college ! great gift for parents and children ! 
books pos 551.txt being a flight attendant myself and looking through the skymall magazine countless times on long flights i can tell you...this book is amazing . i have never laughed so hard from a book all my life . i really want to get another one and put it in the crew lounge . i 'm sure the flight crews will get a kick out of it : 
books pos 190.txt the other reveiwers have it right . after studying more than 30 titles on the craft of writing , i can say that this is by far the most useful work on developing believable and well-rounded characters that i have seen to date . the information is timely , practical , and accessible . the examples are well-organized and perfectly suited to the material . the writer can take what he learns and put into practice immediately . excellent work 
books pos 265.txt this book is a very detailed starting point for renaisance fans . at its heart this is a socio-economic history . the clever inclusion of climate and geographic conditions presuasively explained why prosperous capitalism grew in some regions while others remained stagnant . chapter 5 - " the human unit " was the most informative . most facets of history are here for the reader to absorb . this is the type of book we all wished we had in school 
books pos 351.txt i was a little wary about the title but this was not at all about weight gain and / or loss ; weight was incidental . in this fiercely intelligent novel , dorothy and justine are both desperately lonely women , both victims of abuse , and yet are different in other ways . their parents often failed them , their childhood was often full of shame and self-sabotage , but gaitskill writes this with complexity , always aware that a victim can also be a victimizer . gaitskill is never sentimental . underneath her narrative , underneath the pain and the sex scenes ( which are never fully loving ) and the disappointments and loneliness , is a raging anger at the inability of human beings to connect - on race , on class , but mostly on gender . i sensed that anna granite , the intellectual whose shadow dominates this narrative , and who is the reason dorothy and justine first meet , is gaitskill 's platform for displaying her keen intellect ; and sometimes there is a hint of didactism . but this is a minor quibble . the last section moved me very much and proved that although gaitskill abhors sentimentality , she can certainly do sentiment well . ` humanity ' is a word often found in this book . our sexuality is connected to our humanity . our ability to treat other human beings like human beings is what makes us human . in the end , gaitskill 's brilliant , wonderfully feminist novel was , for me , about how easily we strip each other of our humanity . 
books pos 545.txt smoothies are a quick snack pick-me-up , or a simple breakfast idea . do you crave a fruity , cool drink on a hot summer day ? want to add more fruit to your kid 's diet ? smoothies just might be your answer ! contained in this cute , colorful book are 50 recipes and full color photos of most recipes . also included at the end of the book is nutrient information with each recipe , and there is even a chapter on alcoholic smoothies . some of my favorites include : abc smoothie ( with apricot , coconut milk , & banana ) , starburst , cranzania , polynesian power punch , cookies & cream , raspberry cappuccino , and sunset sipper . enjoy ! 
books pos 128.txt " when i first came to iran , black clad women all seemed the same . scary unsmiling servants of the ayatollas " having visited the islamic republic of iran in june , i was better prepared for that vast country portrayed by elaine sciolino in her book persian mirrors . i am more than grateful for this book , which alerted me to the diversity of cultures , and the general way of life so absolutely different from the western world . elaine sciolino made me so very aware of the perfect social world of the iranians and also i am thrilled to say that once you make a friend of an iranian , you have a friend for life . my most treasured memories of iran will never leave me and i thank ms sciolino for preparing me for that journey . reviewed by heather marshall negahdar ( sugar-cane 11 / 10 / 05 ) 
books pos 262.txt ellen wright has done it again . this time , with meredith brokaw . and the two have combined to put together a wonderful array of recipes that are easy to follow and wonderful to serve to guests . often at my dinner parties i refer to ellen wright 's previous books . but now big sky opens a new door to cooking and presents inviting and simple recipes that will have your guests in awe of your skills . even for simple family meals , you will find yourself referring to big sky time and time again.. . i do n't know what i did before big sky was published . this is a five-star cookbook that everyone should have in their home . 
books pos 518.txt it 's an educational book to read . my child and i like reading it together 
books pos 520.txt the working notes of this book are utterly staggering in their implication to ontology . what is being ? merleau answers in the manner of lao-tse , and alludes to something like a divine-feminine at the heart of wild perception . it was said by sartre in his autobiography & quot ; situations&quot ; that after merleau 's mother died who was like a & quot ; goddess&quot ; to him merleau returned began the project anew . what is intimated in the working notes is invaluable to the true student of philosophy and life . and in the end , merleau returns to the very object of his study . you can really feel this descent at the book nears its end . it is , however , an ascent of the entirety of the history of philosophy to a new level of comprehension . that i assure you 
books pos 845.txt for those who endeavor to perfect fine art digital printmaking , this is the book to read . it is a & quot ; how to&quot ; and so much more . the book covers paper , ink , techniques , hand coloring and the practical application and intereaction of all of these variables . the book is cogently written and elegantly displayed . it is a must for anyone 's library who wishes to expand their horizons in the digital printing arena . ms. airey is a master of her craft and it shows 
books pos 78.txt the new age herbalist is a great book . it has a ton of different herbs and tells the uses of each one . they also warm you about anything dangerous about all of the plants . very useful book perfect for anyone from beginner to advanced herbalist . i use this book all of the time 
books pos 916.txt jesse , 15 lives in harlem , new york city . he is the only child of a bright couple and his best friend , rise is one of his biggest influences . jesse and rise grew up together . when rise , 17 turns to crime and joins the counts , a local street gang and insists on bringing jesse in with him along with their friend c.j. , jesse starts to reassess their friendship . he sadly realizes that he and rise are traveling down different streets ; the drive-by shooting of their friend bobby , 14 has left the neighborhood shaken . c.j. , a musical prodigy who plays piano in their church also has his sights set on a different path . it is c.j. and jesse , a budding young artist who is quite talented at drawing who realize they have more in common with each other . rise and the counts are in for a count-down ; sadly , drive-bys claim more casualties . the counts were described as being on the tame end of street gangs ; a warring faction called the diablos were responsible for shooting a friend ; killing a cabbie and later , some members of the counts . sidney , a kind and fair police officer takes the boys under his wing . he is respected in the neighborhood and word on the street was that he was a fair man , which he was . when mason , 19 an older member of the counts was busted for homicide , it was sidney who took rise and jesse to the jail ( " iron city " ) to see the fate in store for their former friend . more problems crop up in the neighborhood ; rise , seeing a chance to leave harlem wants to call jesse and the counts together for a final goodbye . sadly , that goodbye really was the end . this is an excellent book that reflects the city and street culture well . the characters are fresh , cutting edge , serious and believable . the drawings were excellent and a bonus to this book . jesse , an aspiring cartoonist created two west indian charcters , a wise man and a bird . the bird was a metaphor for jesse and it is through this avian character that he asks questions in his drawings that wise answers . myers has written many excellent books , but i think he really outdid himself with this one 
books pos 170.txt i really enjoyed this book . i found it in a bookstore one day and read it for pleasure slowly . i am a theory student ( now ) so i wanted to see a lot more math , but aside from that shortcoming ( which some might welcome ) it was just a fantastic description of fluid motion and derivations of the governing equations on a simple level . 
books pos 692.txt this is not the book to learn the basics of vbscript , but it 's exactly what i needed ; a good reference book . i got tired of trying to find syntax of commands and functions online . now i have it at my fingertips 
books pos 879.txt the author gave many thorough and enlightening illustrations on how communication breaks down & amp ; what to look out for . after reading & amp ; self-examination , one could identify the areas for improvement & amp ; learn from the methods prescribed . the first part identifies the types of relationships within the family . the second on developing god-honouring relationships , dwelling mainly on the subject of communication . i was very much enlightened by the types of circuit jammers within the family . part three expounds on sustaining godly family relationships . it explains why families fight & amp ; how to turn discord to concord . i am very much encouraged & amp ; edified from the reading of this book 
books pos 768.txt this book provides a good and clear overview of the subject of mysql . this is a thick book that covers a lot of material . the last chapters even provided introductions to application development with c , perl and php . mysql : the complete reference really seemed like an actual complete reference . while it may not go to deep into every subject it does at least briefly cover each topic . most of the focus was on sql ( structured query language ) though . there were only a few minor issues with this book aside from minor grammatical errors . for one thing , you would occasionally have to modify the sample tables before you could even start the exercise . also , it would have been nice having more sample tables and data so i could follow along in more of the examples . frequently , my result set would n't quite match the one in the book . additionally , some of the command would n't even execute or would return an error message . lastly , the chapters on development were pretty useless unless you are already familiar with one of the languages . but , i believe many of the above problems where because of version differences and the fact that i was running mysql on windows . although windows instructions were given as well the book examples were still more oriented towards a unix installation . also , mysql would be several versions newer on my computer . i believe that made a difference on some of the results as well . and for windows administration its better just to use one of the suggested gui programs since many of the commands were difficult to run from the command prompt . so , i was n't quite able to follow along with all the examples for one reason or another . nevertheless , there were still plenty of quality examples i could follow along in . in addition , there was still a lot to learn from just reading through the material . overall , this book works well as a reference or for working the chapters in order . even though the book 's user level is n't indicated i believe it provides a fine introduction for a beginner . 
books pos 299.txt trauma can occur for a wide variety of reasons . in my family across two generations there have been suicides , schitzophrenia , abandonment and childhood abuse . we are a , so called , ' normal ' middle class family . no family is immune from traumatic episodes . i found peter levine 's ideas insightful and helpful . his outline of the causes of medical trauma are particularly interesting . the chapters dealing with trauma in children help me consider avenues of assistance to help my grandchildren following the suicide of their mother . i would like to read levine 's subsequent book about childhood trauma 
books pos 363.txt this book is loaded with the most recent medical findings and is organized as a referenced book , although i read it cover to cover . 
books pos 788.txt this was an inspiring book for a horse lover and christian . everything was as advertised 
books pos 114.txt i expected a fabbo edge-of-the-seat read . what i did n't expect was that this pomo thriller would provide a passel of top-flight management secrets to its unsuspecting readers . from the opening pages of the book , as wylie jones prepares to depart on a & quot ; business trip&quot ; of unspecified duration , to the penultimate chapter , when a revitalized wylie and his attentive amanuensis wrap up a deal on the left coast , this beach-bag zinger is chock full with the sorts of advice , hints , tips , and warnings that help to build healthy management brains in twelve ways ! think of it as a kind of business allegory . wylie 's cross-country odyssey is what might happen if robert fulghum were to meet john gardner trundling down the road on his reality bike , set fire to robertson davies ' beard , and then move on over to the highway hacienda for corn dogs and a brew with none other than warren buffet , everyone 's favorite grassroots investor . i totally loved it . it gets my absolute highest rating 
books pos 184.txt i am a huge john grisham fan . i believe the first grisham book i ever read was " the pelican brief " . after that , i was hooked . i admit that through the years mr. grisham 's work has become less " grishamisc " and not as entertaining as earlier works . but , you 'll have that with any author that cranks out as many books as he does . i first started this book by listening to it on cd . i soon decided that it would be more enjoyable to read it than listen to it . i was right ! the book starts out with action and pulls you in . the action barely lets up through the entire book . this is a different kind of action . more mental than physical . there seems to always be something going on and grisham knows how to leave you wanting more at the end of each chapter . one thing that is very different about this book than most of his works , is that there is n't really a catch at the end or a mystery to solve . generally , we find grisham leading us to a thriller ending . however , in this book , it is more of a life lesson about greed . there is no bad guy , nobody lurking in the shadows trying to harm the main character , etc. the book is about good old fashioned greed and how it can ruin your life . the characters are likeable and easy to follow . there are not too many needless chapters or boring detail that is irrelevant to the story . i found the book very easy to read and follow . i always wanted more . although the book has a different theme than most grisham books , i still really enjoyed it . it reminded me why i like to read his books so much . it proves he write good fiction without a thriller or mystery ending . if you like this one , try the eariler works as well . if you have seen the movies , it does n't matter because the books are always better and usually different in some way . this book would make a good movie , but we 'll see if anyone in hollywood agrees with me on that point . happy reading 
books pos 382.txt i just love this book . it 's for anyone who practices no particular " religion " . the prayers are simple , in every day language , easily understood like god is speaking right to me . i find it inspiring every day and look forward to reading one prayer per day . none are more than a few paragraphs and all speak straight to the heart 
books pos 106.txt i got this book when it first came out and read it straight away.i absoloutely loved it and highly reccomend it.lief is trying to be a great ruler , but ca n't , not with the famine and death in deltora.but with a perilious map , our heroes set out to destroy the four sisters that are causing the deaths in deltora.an exceptional addition to the previous books and is reccomended to fans who want a little more adventure in their reading.well done emily rodda ! i like this book as much as all the others , this is the best deltora series and i say it proudly , but after all , deltora quets has n't finished , not yet 
books pos 975.txt cajun cuisine is , without a doubt , the best cajun cookbook that i 've ever used . i was born and reared in southern louisiana , and the recipes detailed within closely mirror the exact techniques , seasonings , and spices that i had learned by watching both my grandmothers in their kitchens , and how i was personally taught by my grandfather at his hunting camp . you cannot go wrong with this book ! jacque 
books pos 365.txt tony nourmand 's & quot ; film posters of the 60's &quot ; is a wonderful and colorful coffee table style book that is a great treat to look through . there are many of the classic film poster images of the french new wave , the films of stanley kubrick and the classic 007 posters , just to name a few . film poster collecting is a great adventure and this book reflects that enthusiasm . this book was lovingly organized with great detail . a superb value ! looking forward to future editions 
books pos 289.txt when i was in the sixth grade we moved twice , and in all three of the schools from new jersey to connecticut to japan i got to study ancient greece in the history part of the class . i also got a lot of mileage out of having read edith hamilton 's " mythology " ( i still have my mythology report with my versions of all of the illustrations ) . but in all the times i got to study ancient greece before , during , and after the sixth grade i never got to do any of the fun stuff that avery hart & paul mantell come up with for " ancient greece ! : 40 hands-on activities to experience this wondrous age . " this kaleidoscope kids volume for kids ages 7-12 not only offers activities but also a variety of information about the ancient greeks . so this is not simply a book of activities that teachers can pick and choose from to give their students hands-on experiences , it is also a source of facts and stories that will supplement what exists in whatever textbook is being used . throughout the book there are " great greeks ! " and things to " think about . " after reminding young readers of the gifts that have come down to us from ancient greece , hart and mantell get students acclimated to the idea of looking at the past from the perspective of those who lived way back when . then the book looks at key periods of greek history . " meet the minoans : the pre-greeks of crete " looks at the culture that gave rise to the greatness of greece with activities to make a greek yo-yo , a great mother figure , a hamster labyrinth ( without the minotaur ) , and a fantastic fresco . that gives you an indication of the sort of activities to be found in this book before we even get to greece itself . other chapters are devoted to " the age of heroes , " where you get a super-short version of " the iliad " and can build a trojan horse , " language unites ! " ( including speaking " pig greek " ) , " the dawn of a golden age , " where you can organize a pentathlon and make a victory wreath , and " ye gods ! greek religion and mythology , " where you can design your own constellation . in the last part of the book chapters cover " classical athens : the flower of ancient civilization , " where you get to build a greek temple with ionic columns ( or even build the entire parthenon ) , " think for yourself : philosophy , " where students can make a monochord or hold a symposium , and " the amazing arts , " which covers create sculptures and painting pots in the first part and making masks to make up a greek play in the second part . the final chapter covers " a wider world : alexander the great and the hellenistic age , " where you can start a library . at the end , students can appreciate how being a greek meant standing in the center of the world ( as least , as far as the ancient greeks were concerned ) . again , there are some key issues to be discussed to go along with the activities . students can debate what is the difference between a hero and a celebrity , understand why every vote counts in a democracy , and decide what makes somebody beautiful . learning how to press olives or how huge blocks of marble were transported across the sea , gives students an appreciation for how things were different way back when . throughout the book hart and mantell show how ancient ideas live on in modern traditions , which remains the biggest legacy of the ancient greeks . i teach classical greek & roman mythology ( not to be confused with modern greek & roman mythology apparently ) but i teach it online so i do not really have any opportunities to have my students engage in hands-on activities . but that does not mean i cannot do them in the privacy of my own home or that elementary school teachers will not find these extremely useful for their unit on ancient greece . although i am suddenly reminded of coming up with the " sparthens " ( a.k.a. the warriors with the brains ) in elementary school . but that is another story 
books pos 812.txt through much prayer and research , i was lead to this book . after reading it i understand the four step approach and can use it in all my educational experiences for my children . i felt so much more comfortable homeschooling my children . i felt i had really been taught how to homeschool ! it is not only informative , but interesting.a rare combination in how to books ! 
books pos 905.txt this book does a fine job explaining the facts of biblical archaeology . the latest discoveries are listed which makes it a solid addition to the book & quot ; the bible as history . &quot 
books pos 868.txt this book is great . a must read for anyone who has struggled with weight or health problems . 
books pos 940.txt some of patterson 's conclusions were a bit of a reach . some of his segways were n't all that smooth . but this book is just plain entertaining . it is chopped full of stories on rockstars making deals with the devil , lingering around after death , and backed up with just enough innuendo-ish research for it to almost be believable . well , some of it actually believable . patterson scribes on about various rockstar-occult alliances ( in particular the rolling stones and led zeppelin ) and uses quotes from the musicians themselves . 
books pos 415.txt this book is a comprehensive guide that presents a lot of useful information concerning intelligent design for beginners . my rating is short of five stars due to the lack of more biological examples that refutes darwinism on the basis of providing a poor explanation on evolution 
books pos 463.txt i 'll be honest , i do n't like fiction books . but i 've got to tell you , a mulligan for bobby jobe has changed my mind . mr. cullen adds so much detail that the reader comes away with a sense of actually being in touch with the cast of limited characters and the events taking place . the twists and unpredictable turns make the book a truly unforgettable experience . you do n't need to be a golfer or a fan of golf to enjoy this novel . can lightning strike twice ? absolutely 
books pos 998.txt if you are looking for ideas and techniques this is a wonderful book . very well done 
books pos 973.txt rawlings explores the lives and interations of the odd assortment of people living in cross creek , florida in the early 1900s . it is often assigned reading for teens , but i doubt that most of them can appreciate it . her accounts of neighbors feuding and subsistance living gives us many lessons in human behavior . the lyrical descriptions of wildlife and the orange groves and wild landscape are very appealing . your mouth waters as you read her essays on downhome foods like hush puppies . she turned those into a cookbook which i 'll have to try out . modern readers squirm uncomfortably at her use of the n- -- - - word and her characterization of blacks as irresponsible , drunken , immoral , etc. it is probably a faithful representation of common thinking at the time it was written , so recognize it as a snapshot of the times . then move past that to luxuriate in the beautiful passages in the book . ( i deducted 1 star for this ) the reader becomes absorbed in rawlings ' love of the land and the creation of a home . it gives much the same feelings as a year in provence or under a tuscan sun 
books pos 447.txt a must have for anybody interested in golf course architecture . as great as pebble beach is today , you 'll wonder why it was ever changed after seeing the old photos of it following chandler egan 's work in 1929 ! buy this beautiful book and you wo n't be disappointed 
books pos 437.txt perfectly simple and indistinguishable from the " real " amazon - except the price . thanks for everything 
books pos 95.txt i suppose one of the great attributes of the internet is that it allows the juxtaposition of the good , the bad and the ugly . where else could one find reviews of one of the twentieth century 's towering works that variously describe it as a recipe for a police state , an incitement to theft , or as written by someone with no understanding of philosophy ( my personal favourite - thanks adrian ! 
books pos 864.txt this book opens our eyes . sure , we feel that we know what we should be doing . many times we are right in our hunches . yet , we still do not always do what needs to be done . instead , out of either laziness or taking the easy road , we fail because it is so easy to do so . besides , the customer will always walk in the door . right ? as this book reminds us , the customer may never be back . it is in the insight of a professioanl like tasca that we are reminded of wehat we may already know . again , our implementation of these rules which he explains simply , we will achieve . another book i encourage is " cars and people : how to put the two together . " 
books pos 92.txt this book consists of 29 stand-alone essays , beautifully written and previously published in the " new england journal of medicine " during the early seventies . from the first chapter : " the viruses , instead of being single-minded agents of disease and death , now begin to look more like mobile genes...we live in a dancing matrix of viruses ; they dart , rather like bees , from organism to organism , from plant to insect to mammal to me and back again , and into the sea , tugging along pieces of this genome , strings of genes from that , transplanting grafts of dna , passing around heredity as though at a great party . " although there is no continuity from chapter to chapter , there are consistent threads of thought as the author free associates : 1.there is a joyful attitude about science and discovery and abundant tidbits about the goings on of living things . 2.there is constant reference to the interaction , symbiosis , and co-operative living arrangements amongst the different species . 3.there are numerous references to the mindless activities of ants , bees , and termites , whose activities create sophisticated , developed projects without any evidence of central control . these examples are repeatedly compared to humans and their social activities , with the human emphasis being on language . 4.the cell is the unit of life , complete with all its intricate inner workings . the cell membrane ( cell wall in plants ) is the protective layer that makes this unit of life possible . in the first chapter and frequently throughout , the author wants to think of the earth as a kind of organism , but he ca n't make it work - too big , too complex , too many working parts without visible connections . then in the last chapter , a better analogy emerges . the earth is like a huge cell and the protective atmosphere that shields us from meteors and cosmic rays is our cell membrane . this fine book is a precursor to books from the likes of carl sagan , richard feynman , and stephen jay gould . reading the chapters randomly is not a bad idea - each one is only four to six pages long and each gives the reader plenty to think about . amazingly , after 30 years , there is a little - but not much - in this book that is out of date . if you are a little rusty on biology , have your " oxford dictionary of science " handy . first class . 
books pos 840.txt i enjoyed this book for the most part . i feel the trip throught the stargate could have been better developed but it was enjoyable to see an inside view of the workings of the & quot ; mountain&quot ; . the main characters were all there , participating in the problem solving . there was a writers view of the teamwork seen in each episode , and some food for thought added in as well . is the world really ready for the idea that we are part of a bigger universe out there ? i do n't know but this book presents some interesting questions . i await the next book in the series 
books pos 590.txt my daughter at u of m got me interested in the rwandan crisis and was just vacationing in canada and picked up this book by a canadian general who was leading the un effort in rwanda during the genocide and what a tragedy this was and remains . i didnt walk away thinking this guy was a great general but he had the guts and the commitment to right to stay in spite of the ineptitude of the united nations and cofi anan who was in a key role at the time . the tragedy of what the free world stood by and let happen is nearly unsurpassed , probably only by the jews extermination in wwii . if you have any interest in the world happenings and think you have faith in the united nations just buy this and read it - we need change . 
books pos 492.txt as a frequent reader of home design books and magazines , the title and the beautiful cover of this book immediately appealed to me . a quick review of the table of contents revealed that i had to have this book . pelosi begins with the basics , moves into specifics , and then focuses on those special challenges we all face when trying to make our homes beautiful and appealing without spending a fortune . the pictures are gorgeous and inspiring and the author has an ability to write clearly and concisely with a great sense of humor . whether you are looking for a single design solution or , like me , enjoy reading about interior design , this is the book for you...and it makes a great gift for your friends and family and colleagues and anyone who lives in a home . " interior divine " made my holiday shopping easier this year ! 
books pos 961.txt there are two different types of larkin poem . the first type , mostly written before 1955 , are influenced by yeats and auden and are mediocre . the second , written when he found his voice , are amongst the most wonderful works of english literature ever written . so what was his voice ? basically that of twentieth century man - atheistic , obsessed with sex , regretting the loss of faith and the old certainties . he takes these subjects and turns them into glorious poems . but here 's the really incredible thing : he uses ordinary , uncomplicated language . no tricks , no arcane allusions , just plain english . it ca n't be denied that the voice is bleak , and it is too uncompromising for some . however , those who like looking into the heart of darkness will find poems which they will remember for the rest of their lives . 
books pos 213.txt i agree with the other reviewers . this book is outstanding . if you enjoyed such books as " the davinci code , " " angels and demons , " etc. , you will enjoy this one . bravo to tess gerritsen . i am never disappointed with any of her works 
books pos 454.txt there is not one book this woman has been involved in that i did n't like so far . many stories you will find in her book have different personalities , which i find refreshing . she has been involved in many science fiction projects and when i go to pick up a book with her name on it.....i know there will be something , if not everything , i will enjoy in that book . there should be no question when you see a book with her name on it , that you should open that book and read a while 
books pos 578.txt arrogance by bernard goldberg is a truly enjoyable read . goldberg does n't waste time trying to create a vast left wing conspiracy tied to islam or communism , he just presents the facts as he sees them . as a former insider , he 's got the dirt on media bigwigs , and he 's not afraid to dish . the liberal bias in the news is causing many people to flee the big three networks and turn on cable to find an escape . goldberg offers up several examples of this bias and then goes further by coming up with several suggestions ( some tongue in cheek ) for correcting this slant . he also includes surprisingly frank interviews with tim russert and bob costas . goldberg 's other books bias and 100 people who are screwing up america are also excellent reads . he does n't attack people on a personal level ( although you can tell he has a bit of a grudge against dan rather ) or use hyperbole or vitriol to get his point across . some books written with a conservative slant make you want to throw up your hands and give up on this country , but goldberg 's books do n't have that effect . you can tell he not only loves the country he lives in , but also the profession that he 's chosen , and he has hope for the future . 
books pos 29.txt gibbon 's " decline and fall " is without a doubt one of the most well-written and truly comprehensive historical works concerning the roman empire . from the military maneuvers of the northern legions to the intrigues of the imperial court , gibbon showcases the history of rome as it unfolded- -often relying on the eyewitness testimony of contemporary writers to give readers a sense of the passions and policies of the time . there are a few minute problems- -or rather gaps- -in gibbon 's work , but given that he originally published in the late 1700 's we can excuse his lack of complete information . overall , an excellent read and a great history of such an important subject 
books pos 833.txt " the player " provided a trip back in time to what it was like playing ball around the turn of the century through the times of the first world war . to understand what mathewson meant to the game itself is truly amazing . not only being a phonomenal pitcher with exceptional control , he realized that he was a role model for others , not only the young kids that idolized him , but the everyday american worker . to know what he gave of himself to others off the ball field , his charity work , volunteering for wwi at the age of 37 , gives us a better insight to the individual . the book also tells of his attempts to clean up the game , before the black sox scandal . he knew it was going on , tried to warn others , but no one would listen . a great read if you want to get a much clearer insight into one of the greatest ball players of all time . one that is unfortunatelly forgotten by too many in today 's game 
books pos 423.txt this is an excellent book . unlike many other tutorials available on internet , it gets you started with some beautiful melodies instead of " twinkle , twinkle , little star " . highly recommended ! 
books pos 564.txt i ran into this book accidentally while doing some research . instead of glancing through it , i ended up reading the whole book . i just could n't put it off . content wise , the book does n't bring me many & quot ; light bumb moments&quot ; . however , i find it extremely well written rhetorically . while the book is easy to read , it is literarily graceful . i 'd suggest everyone to read it- -just to enjoy the beauty of language 
books pos 275.txt this book makes bsc theory utterly accessible . it provides an appropriate amount of background for those who do not know bsc theory well , but the balance of the book is dedicated to implementing bsc for almost any type of company ( profit , non-profit , public sector ) . niven 's language is clear and thorough and his book serves as a step-by-step implementation plan for bsc 
books pos 221.txt rewind to 1992. it 's the dawn of the so-called information & knowledge age . back then , i wrote a book on the need to liberate and effectively channel the creativity of all employees in an organization . the rationale : to create higher performing organizations in a time of intense global competition . with pressing needs for superior innovation . and improved productivity . amid ever-leaner budgets . ( sound familiar ? ) flash forward a dozen years to today and ideas are free ( a title echoing phil crosby 's classic quality is free ) . this new book makes clear today that my impassioned plea from a decade ago failed to eradicate idea-stifling organizational cultures . way too many work places , it seems , still quell expressions of innovative thinking by both frontline employees and middle managers . so the case for turning on the innovation spigot needs to be made again with renewed vigor . in answering that call , professors robinson & schroeder offer some worthwhile and occasionally surprising and compelling contributions to this topic that is as relevant now as ever . ideas are free presents an articulate case that organizations - - and individual managers - - need to unleash the *still* largely untapped brainpower intentionally and quite unfortunately held-back by employees . three elements make ideas are free especially worthy of your time and money . 1. the authors aim their advice at regular workaday managers . sure , they rightfully point out how organizational systems are often " dysfunctional . " and they make the case that many corporate practices actually *discourage* creative contributions by individuals even as they try to *incent* those very behaviors . but robinson & schroeder do n't aim their prescriptions at policy-making top executives only . many chapters conclude with what the authors term " guerilla tactics " - - clear directives for simple actions that even frontline supervisors can put to work " without the boss 's permission . " 2. the book dramatically makes the case that paying for ideas - - as part of an organization 's formal suggestion systems - - is fraught with potential negative side-effects . my own corporate experience as an executive championing a newly installed suggestion system bears out the startling reality that this well-intentioned process can turn into a self-destructive minefield . ( and , let the record show , i largely missed this dimension in covering suggestion systems back in my ' 92 work . ) 3. many interesting , well-developed ( albeit occasionally dated ) anecdotes illustrate the book 's sound principles . they help make ideas are free a grounded , engaging , and palatable read . back in ' 92 , i suggested in my book mavericks ! that , " managers should be asking questions like : what is the value of a useful new idea ? if one good idea leads to another , where could thousands and thousands lead us ? what is the cost to the organization for not tapping the endlessly renewable resource of ideas in our employees ' heads ? " getting to the root of the problem , i asked : " is n't the job of a manager to *recognize and choose* from lots of great ideas generated by fellow work associates ? " and answered : " unfortunately , most managers - - even those who claim they invite suggestions from their people - - subscribe to the time-honored myth that a manager 's job is to *have* the ideas . " in 2004 , robinson & schroeder again plow many of these very same themes ( and cite data that also have been around for a long time ) . still , this book explores afresh the opportunities that arise from drawing out the best thinking of every employee . and it presents realistic tactics that all managers can deploy to effectively deal with these still-critical issues . wherever you sit in the hierarchy , read ideas are free to seize powerful ideas about potential gains for your organization 's progress and prosperity . don blohowiak lead well institut 
books pos 819.txt this very fascinating book is a story written in the form of numerous letters and personal diary entries made by the principle character of the book . it chronicals the life of a young scottish woman forced to live first in china then japan . well written and historically accurate , it 's obvious the author is intimately familiar with the the culture , customs , history and life style of japan . this makes the book that much more interesting and fascinating for those who enjoy realism and demand accuracy in a story . for all who 've ever lived in japan , it 's a believable tale that literally makes you feel you 've stepped back in a time machine to witness the birth of modern japan . for those who have n't lived in japan , believe that the author has done his homework and is not simply just creating a fictional setting in his mind . because of this , he 's able to focus on his character versus scene / setting development and thus creates a living breathing person in your mind . the timespan covers over 40 years as the story weaves through her trials and tribulations , and shows how her fortitude and strength serve her through tumultuous events in her life . a gripping tale that draws on your emotions and has you constantly rooting for her . when the last page is read it leaves you wishing the story would continue , but even good books must end . be prepared to sit a spell . once you start reading you 'll find it hard to put down 
books pos 676.txt i read this book the first time 7 years back and left a lasting impression on me , that 's why when i came across it again after so many years i felt compelled to buy it and read again . oh boy am i glad i bought it ! since last time i read it i have read many romance novels , many great one and many bad ones too . i thought i might not like it so much the second time around because of all the exposure i have got to romance novels since then but i was wrong . this book still made my heart race , made me smile at joe 's attempts to make ronnie laugh and still made me sigh at that sparks of atraction flying between them . joe 's character was just amazing , and most endearing was his insecurities.here was a navy seal , one of the toughest possible guys , and he was insecure about his upbringing and background . he felt veronica would be ashamed to be seen with a guy like him . he was sooooo sweet . he was so cocky , stobborn and arrogant but he was scared of rejection from veronica . just goes to show how a person 's outward appearence rarely show what is really inside them . i ca n't find any more book of this series , i am still searching for them . i know i have to read all of them . 
books pos 172.txt when i read alpha male syndrome , i saw myself and the many " alphas " i 've worked with in high-tech corporate america . in some instances i could call out the names of those i 'd either worked with or had family relationships or friendships with - based on the alpha types , strengths and risk behaviors so well defined in this book . i found the practical tips - encouraging specific change , in those who do n't seem open to changing - to be useful , hopeful , encouraging and sometimes even funny . i may go broke sending alpha male syndrome to my too-many alpha friends and more importantly to those who work or live with them ! from soup to nuts i enjoyed recognizing and knowing myself better through the book and from taking the author 's online alpha assessment - then following the action steps in the book , and updated online alpha tips . i can see how and why ms. ludeman and dr. erlandson 's approach to executive coaching is effective . 
books pos 88.txt over 20 years after it was published , the story of the israeli attempt to eradicate massive and repeated terrorist attacks emanating from the plo ( bubba 's / jacques / un 's buddy yasser ) in lebanon is no less important . interestingly , lebanon is still struggling to rid itself of syrian occupation . they have gone from the vegan dictator hafez assad murdering opponents and journalists to the syrian optometrist dictator murdering opponents and journalists ( another killed last week 7 / 2005 ) . in this review , i will attempt to explain the story , the left-wing / doves reporter 's views ( and on so many levels his mistakes ) , and most importantly to americans who love and support israel , the correlation between israel 's actions and our " war on terror . " first to the journalists , the main one being the left wing newspaper haraatz ze'ev schiff . as the brilliant reviewer givbatam3 points out nearby , mr. schiff is a member of the israeli left / dove / peace now group . this " coalition " consists of myopic people ( with all due respect ) that do n't seem to understand good and evil . just as our great president bush was criticized for denouncing the " axis of evil " ( he forgot to mention syria and the house of saud ) , these doves conveniently choose to ignore the problems with cooperating with our / their enemies . this is what lead to the fraudulent oslo accords and the creation of the terrorist supporting palestinian authority . it is this " authority " that unleashed a wave of terror on israel immediately after clinton helped the murderer arafat receive a nobel peace prize . fittingly , arafat walked away from the clinton / barak plan in 2000 , which would have created a palestinian state , which to this day ( 7.8.05 ) does not exist despite the charade of the road map . the authors accuse prime minister sharon of illegally leading israel into the war in lebanon . most of the books i 've read about israel seem to have been written by journalists out to discredit sharon . he seems to be the donald rumsfeld of israel . i do n't live there so it is impossible for me to get a read on the situation , but he was democratically elected , so most of the voters must disagree with the left 's assessment of mr. sharon ( yes , i know his " disengagement " is an illegal abomination , more on that later . wear orange to support the settlers . ) on page 39 , mr. ze'ev describes sharon as " a cynical , headstrong executor who regarded the idf as his personal tool for obtaining sweeping achievements-and not necessarily defensive ones-and a minister prepared to stake the national interest on his struggle for power . " those would prove to be the " kindest " words he would have for mr. sharon . on page 58 , he accuses sharon of implementing a quasi-coup d'etat . and on and on it goes . the author also accuses sharon of duping the american government , details forthcoming . later on , we learn of the " courageous , freedom fighter " ( my emphasis ) arafat 's decision to deploy all palestinians including 12 year old boys to kill israelis . of course , to this day the pa affiliated fatah and other groups use children to murder israeli civilians ( the best non-child attack recently was the palestinian woman who was granted permission to receive medical care in israel who tried to kill innocent israeli doctors / nurses using " bomber pants . " great video of her discovering the bomb would n't activate , however us msm {mainstream media} other than fox refused to air it . ) on page 92 , we learn of arafat crony and current pa leader abu mazen 's ( the same oslo and road map violating , terrorist supporting / enabling , holocaust denying , chain-smoking mazen that gw brazenly brought to the white house ) recommendation to target specific ethnic types of jews for murder . throughout the story , if indeed the cabinet was mislead , we learn that this deception had negative military preparedness consequences . specifically , a failure to call up the reserves . to his credit and unlike journalists robert fisk ( pity the nation ) and thomas friedman ( ny times , from lebanon to jerusalem ) , mr. schiff reminds us of the level of terror practiced by ray-ban wayfarer wearing arafat even inside his own plo . on page 147 , we learn of palestinians killing palestinians that were given the chance to evacuate an area prior to idf action . in this episode , three children were gunned down in front of their father . on page 149 , the authors engage in a disgusting bit of analysis about the minds of idf members . in discussing a particularly brutal phase of the operation , the author 's ask " was it perhaps fueled by an even deeper sense of vengeance for all the harm and hatred that the jews had suffered at the hands of others over the centuries ? " and further , " how would the grandparents of these boys have reacted to the scene of mayhem.. . ? " are you kidding me ? ? these members of the citizen army were probably quite sick of repeated murders of innocent israeli citizens and committed to seeing their country living in peace . meanwhile , the un , the left / doves , the media , and others seemed to downplay or turn a blind eye to arafat 's involvement in the many terrorist attacks conducted by the plo prior to the lebanon operation . in my humble view , something had to be done . prime minister begin agreed with sharon 's initial plan on eliminating the terrorists in beirut . page 152 features more america bashing , culminating in an accusation that the us was an israeli dupe . the story of the military operation is detailed completely . and no discussion of the lebanon operation would be complete without mentioning the incidents in the refugee camps in sabrit and shatilla . i 'll leave it for the reader to decide on this operation , but in short , israel relied on their " allies " in lebanon to rid the camps of terrorists . most assuredly , after the palestinians brought havoc to these people , they wanted revenge . the result : some civilian deaths to go along with the " clean up " operation and a rebuke of several israeli figures including prime minister sharon . folks , war is not pretty and the us faced similar choices in partnering with the northern alliance in afghanistan . many to this day say that is why we allegedly " lost " bin laden in tora bora instead of adequately deploying our troops on the pakistan border . general tommy franks says this would not have been possible and i believe him more than the kerry / kedwards crowd . our " ally " pakistan would not have tolerated a us presence , given that they were one of only three governments with relations with the taliban . as for the author 's attempts to rid israeli society of prime minister sharon , it did n't work . he forcefully fought the charges emanating from the investigation into the lebanon operation . after yasser walked all over clinton in barak in 2000 and launched / restarted the intifada , israel voted for " arik " and his platform of not negotiating with arafat . sadly , no tragically , he is haphazardly implementing his " disengagement plan . " six weeks prior to its start , it appears the plan is not well thought out and polls show that israelis are increasingly against it . moreover , turning land over to terrorist supporting mazen will embolden those that seek israel 's destruction . israel expects terror gangs of hamas , islamic jihad , and mazen 's own fatah to immediately set up shop in the west bank and begin terror operations . so looking back mr. schiff and ya'ari , who was right ? terror coddling doves such as rabin ( who at least acknowledged the danger in trusting arafat ) and peres or likud hawks such as sharon ( and netanyahu ) ? let the reader decide . i know who i would trust with my security : likud members sharon and netanyahu . 
books pos 364.txt dave barry has written and selected an extremely humorous collection of his articles from the miami herald . there is a huge margin in difference of quality in boogers are my beat than in his initial non fiction books such as dave barry 's bad habits . boogers are my beat is one of those rare books that once you start turning the pages you do n't want to put down until the back cover . dave barry educates his fellow man on a diverse range of topics such as why you ca n't use the towels hanging in the bathroom , the salt lake city olympics , babies on airlines , north dakota , bear in the big blue house and cell phones to name just a few . his article written the day after september 11 and one written a year after , about the philadelphia crashed plane are also included which prove barry could have been a serious writer if he had pursued that career . thankfully he did n't because the rest of the book is hysterically funny as is his carl hiaasen style fiction novel tricky business . big trouble is n't bad either . check them out along with his other non fiction novels as well . 
books pos 908.txt lovers of mr. rochester beware - in this , his second book of literary puzzles , john sutherland turns his considerable powers of literary analysis towards , amongst other things , undoing the good reputation enjoyed by jane eyres brooding hero . bronte fans , brace yourself for some idol-smashing . as in his first book of devoted to literary head-scratchers ( the wonderful is heathcliff a murderer ? ) , sutherland here sets himself out to answer some of western literatures most intriguing questions . though you might not always agree with some of the conclusions sutherland comes to ( we have to have a talk , he and i , about mr. rochesters moral integrity ) as a writer he is always witty , as a thinker always innovative , and as a guide through literatures most baffling conundrums , always genial . buy this book and i promise not only will you learn something ( and , if youre anything like me , get into some very heated debates with fellow literature lovers about jane eyres prospects for bliss , etc. ) - but youll also have a heck of a lot of fun 
books pos 208.txt this is an essential read for anyone who wants a deeper understand of american foreign policy . a year after this book was published , there were over a hundred reviews . regardless of whiether one disagrees or agrees with the author , finds the author right or wrong , interesting or boring , this book is one of the most influential books , if not the most influential book that affected american foreign policy . in fact , the current bush adminstration 's policies , george kenan 's containment , henry kissinger 's policies as well as countless adminstration 's policies are shaped or affected by this book . my area of study is the foreign policy of post world war two american governments , and never have i understood it with greater clarity after i read this book . it is the thread which runs through the policies of all the administrations , differing on extent . ( i studied the policies first and read the book the year after ) . it is a fascinating book and hard to put down . the author writes in a european style ( beautiful long sentences , etc. ) , which in my opinion makes it more eloquent and in the opinion of my co-students makes it more difficut to read . he tries to give a balanced perspective from which one can think critically . ms. rice and mr. kissinger were heavily influenced by this book . to understand them , this is a must read . in and of itself , it is an excellent book , a classic , and thousands others significantly more qualified than i have reviewed it . look even at other reviews on this website or at well known journals for a more accurate assement of the book itself by political scientists 
books pos 638.txt i teared when i read parts of the book , but it is such an awesome book ! i did n't want to put that book down until i was completely finished reading it . i definetely recommend it to anyone with children . i loved it , and i plan on keeping up with my letter box to my son 
books pos 353.txt like most of the reviewers , i went into this book expecting the humor and absurdity of the website . and it 's all there , in it 's ridiculous glory . however , this book is almost like two books in one . upon reading the footnotes a much deeper tale begins to unfold . beyond the nonsensical ramblings of robert , the book tells a tale of a lonely kid using ninjas as an escape from his sad life . his parents hate him , he has no friends , and nobody else listens to him , except his babysitter and faithful dog . the further you read , the more you begin to see the deeper story unfold . however , even while the story gets darker , the humor remains , creating an experience that is both hilarious and touching . check this book out 
books pos 232.txt thankfully , this is not littered with platitudes and meaningless anaologies , the hallmarks of 99% of the latest-and-greatest business books . especially since it was written in 1999 , moore 's is an incredibly insightful and prophetic book on strategy for the high-tech industry . he was predicting cutting edge changes then that are coming into reality today in 2005. the book is much more descriptive than prescriptive though , and is best used as a tool to instigate discussions about corporate strategy , rather than as a checklist for strategic implementation . i help run an online software development company and although it is n't exactly " high tech " i still found the vast majority of it very helpful and the rest of it fascinating . market shifts are demanding broadband wireless internet everywhere- -free . companies are shifting towards web-basing software applications . all very relevant to my business . the book is well written , an easy and moderately fast read , and very accessible by anyone who is technology-savvy enough to at least hold an email address . yes , buy it . buy the paperback and save money . short synopsis : in the infancy of a market , products need to be highly tailored to meet the psychological and technical needs of leading edge techno-geeks ; nothing new here . when a company wants to take that product and make it marketable to the middle majority- -where the biggest money sits- -it requires a commitment to discipline and shift its strategy in order to do so . the emphasis shifts intially to identifying a single niche segment and creating a comprehensive , tailored product , that meets all of their needs- -create the " whole product " by using partners and 3rd party services to patchwork the thing together . then , stop tweaking the product . if that works , pick related niches and go after them the same way , creating the " whole product " for each of them . once people at large are comfortable enough to make the paradigm shift for that market ( this all deals with new , high-tech changes ) and start doing so en masse , the strategy must completely shift again to a ship-first / fix-the-product-later mentality in a mad , market share scramble . at this phase , you are " in the tornado . " lots of examples of successful and abysmal strategies used by high tech companies whose names are familiar to everyone , at each stage mentioned above . 
books pos 612.txt this story drew me in at once because of the strong voice and the good writing . it clearly establishes a sense of time and place ( modern day madison , wisconsin ) and offers the " promise " of an intimate look at daily life during the last stages of als ( lou gehrig 's disease ) from the perspective of a personal caregiver . while we learn to understand the struggles of the patient , kate , this is more about the struggles of a college student known as " bec , " as she travels an emotional path of coming into her own . author , michelle wildgen , fulfills the promise . this story is character-driven , and what made me turn the pages was n't the story , which was , at times , a bit slow and uninspiring . with the exception of the " blue butterfly , " the additional sex scenes felt extraneous . further , one can guess from the beginning that in terms of kate 's condition , there would n't be a ` happy ' ending . regardless , wildgen paints a very realistic picture of als , and definitely puts you in the room . what made me turn the pages was wildgen 's ability to make each of her characters come alive . i cared about them and wanted to see how they 'd handle kate 's progressive and ultimate demise . bec is the narrator who learns as she goes ( both how to take care of kate and how to cook for her guests / staff / family ) . we see everything through her eyes , particularly as she becomes kate 's voice . the title , " you 're not you , " comes from kate , as she asks bec to speak for her in a manner beyond mere translation . the secondary characters are also well developed , including kate 's husband , evan , bec 's roommate , jill , and to a lesser degree , bec 's lover , liam . liam , a married faculty member , represents another dimension of bec 's floundering , and her search to , in a sense , pick a major . ultimately , the story becomes a vehicle for bec 's eventual direction of career choice . i recommend as a thought provoking read , and for the strong writing and character development . additionally , if you know ( or have known ) someone with als , i believe you 'll appreciate the author 's knowledge and sensitivity . from the author of " a line between friends , " mckenna publishing group 
books pos 470.txt an incredible task carried aout by two prominent researchers in the field . arato and cohen accomplished a great job in this work . the reader both will find a lucid theoretical evaluation of the concept of ' civil society ' and will have a better understanding of twentieth century political philosophy . also , the book does not only ' summarize ' the basic arguments and debates about ' civil society ' ; but also offers a new understanding of our social and political world by their genuine model . as a researcher in the field i do really appreciate their effort and thank these two brilliant researchers for their fastidious and meticulous work . 
books pos 201.txt the cover of this book compares it to the kite runner , so it caught my attention . i honestly could not stop reading as " yasmina khadra " does an amazing job of making believable and likeable characters . he weaves a tale of how terrible situations eat away at people 's humanity . my only nit is the ending was a bit predictable . that said , it was still a very good ending that rings true . spoiler : if you wonder why she did n't come back , consider that she would not forget the face of the man that bumped into her on the street , which led to them being stopped , which ultimately resulted in her husband 's death . i honestly ca n't wait to read more by " yasmina khadra " 
books pos 842.txt annie sprinkles very personal heart felt spectacular sex guide inspires us into our sexual potential giving us the tools for sexual transformation . even if we already have a satisfying sex life there are many interesting exercises here to try . i can relate to annie 's libraries of sexual experience even though i have not taken as many adventures as her . really folks if some of us turned off our tvs and used that time to further our sexual awareness there would be a great possibility for personal sexual freedom . my favorite quote would be " do n't worry ; be horny . " now that this wonderful book has been put on sale there could n't be a better time to buy it 
books pos 608.txt atwoods collection of shot anecdotes , prose , and takeoffs of traditional narratives creates a delicious layered candy cake , yummy from start to finnish . a light , quick read intended to be thought provoking in either its mildest form or more serious , good bones creates a batter of cookie dough complementing her unique sense of style and outlook on our society 
books pos 14.txt i did n't discover the delight that is the artemis fowl series until a week ago , when i read artemis fowl in one day . so , of course , i had to pick up a copy of the arctic incident right away , to see if it was as good as the first . it definitely is , and in my own humble opinion , i think i liked it even better than the first book . there are points throughout the book where artemis , now thirteen , shows a softer , more vulnerable side that i truly enjoyed . do n't get me wrong , he 's still an evil genius , but he 's an evil genius with heart , and you ca n't help but love him . now that angeline fowl is out of her depression , thanks to some fairy magic from captain holly short , she 's sent artemis back to saint bartelby 's school for young gentlemen in ireland . artemis is having quite a large amount of fun flumoxing the school 's counselor , dr. po , when he gets an urgent message from butler , his bodyguard / butler / majordomo- -it seems that artemis fowl the first is alive in russia , being held for ransom by the russian mafiya . young artemis , of course , immediately sets out to devise a scheme to rescue his father . it 's been almost two years since artemis senior was last heard from , and his son is most eager to bring him home . before he can work out a devious scheme , though , he 's visited by none other than captain short and her superior , commander root , and brought down to haven city and into police plaza . it seems the goblin triad , the b'wa kell , have a human counterpart aiding in their smuggling , and artemis the second is , quite justly i believe , suspected of being that human . the fairies soon realize , however , that this time artemis fowl is n't the bad guy in this problem . but now they 'd like artemis and butler 's help in figuring out who is behind the allaince between the goblins and the mud men- -and artemis is quite willing to help them out , in exchange for the fairies help in rescuing his father . what follows is an action-packed story of good versus evil below ground , with deceptions , backstabbing , and revenge taking center stage . as holly , root , butler , and artemis race to save haven city from being destroyed , some of the same characters from the first book make appearances- -foaly , mulch diggums , cudgeon , and captain trouble . there 's also a new foe in the arctic incident , opal koboi , to be dealt with . i highly recommend the artemis fowl series to anyone and everyone . highly enjoyable , thoroughly entertaining , and not soon forgotten . 
books pos 522.txt i 'm a big koontz fan and as is generally the case , i greatly enjoyed this story . it was a little strange but that 's to be expected from this author and genre . that said , it starts off fairly quickly and flows well through most of the book . it had the curious sense of near-division in that the book almost seemed to be separated into two distinct sections that were not , in my opionion , as well-connected as in many of koontz 's other books . in addition , the ending seemed a little hasty . thus i gave it four rather than five stars . that said , i would gladly recommend it to a friend as i would most any of this author 's work 
books pos 459.txt i 've been doing game dev for a number of years now , and it 's like a breath of fresh air to come upon a book like this . clearly written , well organized , and a breeze to read through ! my thanks goes out to each and every one of the authors who contributed to this invaluable tome . i 'd give this thing six stars if i could . you will not regret buying this book ! ! 
books pos 867.txt more wonderful and inspiring poems . time to be still and thoughtful 
books pos 274.txt even someone who is n't a dedicated / hardcore fan of the halo series can appreciate the beautiful art and all the work that went into designing this game . worth every penny 
books pos 403.txt a mind-opening look into the vicious thought patterns depressed people suffer from , this book has been more helpful to me than years of therapy *and* a degree in psychology . ( although i 'm not giving up the meds just yet ) . i 'm amazed by how clearly yapko explains the cognitive distortions we have . the case histories he describes are priceless . on the & quot ; negative&quot ; side , yapko can be just a bit condescending at times ; it 's clear he thinks his way is the only way . and although he mentions other theories of depression , he favors the & quot ; nurture&quot ; theory of ineffective learned thought patterns , claiming that only a small percentage of depression is biochemical in nature . ( maybe next lifetime he 'll be a woman and get to experience menopause . ; ) yapko also has an unfortunate habit of calling depressed people & quot ; depressives , & quot ; which is the kind of labeling we could do without . the most serious criticism i have is that his & quot ; learn by doing&quot ; exercises are sometimes impractical , if not downright silly . for example , to learn about perceived control , yapko writes , & quot ; spend a few days asking [a partner] for permission to do everything , such as ' can i go to the bathroom ? ' &quot ; . ( can you imagine how much your spouse would enjoy that after the third day ? ) other exercises tell you to & quot ; interview at least a dozen people&quot ; or & quot ; sometime when you feel playful , experiment with trying to motivate people to do impossible things&quot ; like flying . what depressed person feels playful ? many of these exercises would be highly embarrassing , and certainly not within the realm of a depressed person 's capabilities- -especially those of us who are & quot ; older&quot ; and have physical disabilities . however , i do plan to complete the written exercises . having outlined these minor drawbacks , i have to say it 's an excellent book- -after all these years , i finally have hope about rising from the ashes of depression . 
books pos 948.txt i read les miserables after i saw the opera , and it has inspired in me more than any book i 've ever read . i do n't believe one could ever find a better novel anywhere . for everyone out there- -read this now ! ! there is a character that will touch everyone , no matter what type of person you are . this novel is easy to relate to , and exciting . it also give some insight to the unwritten history of the revolutions in france during napolean 's time . i recommend strongly to everyone to read this book , and see the opera . it really will effect your life 
books pos 563.txt this book is important for every one who has a back " issue " . given 5 as gifts to loved one 's experiencing back pain 
books pos 488.txt quiller 's guide is the most systematic color text available . it combines a deep knowledge of traditional color theories with a huge amount of quiller 's personal research into how paints actually mix as colors . central to the book is quiller 's color mixing wheel for watercolors , oils and acrylics , probably the most accurate color wheel available in any published work ( though he has a revised color wheel , available separately ) . he explores the monochrome , analogous , complementary and split complementary color schemes through many demonstration paintings and detailed mixing instructions . he emphasizes repeatedly the importance of a strong value composition , and careful variations in color saturation , in building the painting . an indispensible book 
books pos 606.txt i will start this review by noting two things . i greatly appreciated nussbaum 's ' upheavals of thought ' , and i am uncomfortable with the way sex sits in the society i live in . ( but , then , i recognise things in myself that - for good or bad - change my perspective from that of the society i am embedded in . ) but wedekind 's play ' springtime awakening ' should raise alarm bells for most of us . we are sexual beings ( most of us anyway ) and we have to deal with that - learn to accept it within ourselves , learn to share it with others ( it is , of course , the quintessential sharing experience ) , learn to grow with it , learn to let it go .... the easy path to take is to grasp a social ' norm ' and follow it regardless of the morality of that path . societies do present many ' norms ' to a young person developing sexual awareness but not all of these are equally desirable . if nussbaum 's book does nothing else but diminish the acceptability of some of the undesirable ' norms ' , and enhance the more socially responsible ones it will have achieved a great service . there are curious things in this book for me . nussbaum refers to many sources but many of them are male - aristotle , seneca , js mill , dh lawrence .... to be fair , the last chapter is about ' to the lighthouse ' by virginia woolf , and other writers such as andrea dworkin are prominent . however i was surprised that some powerful women writers are totally ignored - where is mary wolstonecraft , where is emma goldman , where is mary shelley ? why is ' maurice ' ( forster ) referred to but not ' the well of loneliness ' ( hall ) ? the chapter on female genital mutilation ( fgm ) is an appalling indictment on the behaviour of some societies . nussbaum has a glancing reference to circumcision ; not surpringly it is glancing for someone who was converted ( so i read ) to judaism . while i would never compare what happens to baby boys with what happens to young women in severity or risk , nevertheless i think the motivations for both practices come from the same source . if , for cultural ( religious ) reasons it is appropriate for jewish boys to be circumcised , i think it is a very dangerous position to take to expect other societies to abandon the practices they see as legitimate , if not mandatory . the chapter on equity and mercy impressed me immensely - it is so balanced i expect many feminists will hate it . but for me , her rare use of a christian quote ( ' forgive them , for they know not what they do . ' ) was a revelation . never before had i seen how compromised that plea is . ( compare with tolstoy : ' it is a wonderful thing to be loved because of oneself , but it is a far more wonderful thing to be loved in spite of oneself . ' ) the fact that often i have other feelings than nussbaum expresses does not concern me , because she often has perspectives that broaden or hone my own thoughts . in the chapter on prostitution and its illegality i had to agree with most of what she writes simply from a libertarian point of view rather than one of morality . the morality issues are complex - perhaps irresolvably complex . just as there are men with ' dangerous ' sexuality , so there are women . perhaps it 's only an issue for men because they demand or expect control . for me , all of nussbaum 's discussions seem to centre on the effects on women that prostitution entails - this is not inappopriate even though it may not be balanced . the problem i see with prostitution is that it panders to the man 's ' need ' to have sex . they can get it on demand . this reduces their sensitivities to the needs of the women in their lives , including the need ( wise or not ) for a woman to have a faithful partner . in australia we had an advisor on women 's affairs to the federal government write a piece in a newspaper where she expressed the view - based on her own practice - that a woman should always make sure her husband knew where the red light district was in a city they were visiting , so he could satisfy his ' need ' when she herself felt incapable . for me this is an appalling suggestion - as if men cannot have self-control and should not be expected to . but , for all of that , like nussbaum i would not see prostitution as worthy of being made illegal . for me this was a thought-provoking read . it had some incredibly ugly things to describe , to consider . but it helped me to structure my thoughts in this difficult area - perhaps it will help me guide my boys as they reach maturity . other recommendations : ' springtime awakening ' - wedekind ' the well of loneliness ' - radclyffe hall ( i hated the outcome of this ) ' matilda ' - mary shelley ( her biographical details are worth exploring too ) ' godwin on wollstonecraft ' - william godwin ( mary shelley 's father ; mary wollstonecraft was her mother ) ' upheavals to thought ' - nussbaum ' living my life ' - emma goldman ' let me alone ' - anna kavan ' conditions of love ' - john armstrong 
books pos 462.txt if you saw the show and liked it enough that you want a book of lyrics and cast photographs , then this is a book you want . if you have n't seen or did n't like the show , i ca n't imagine why you would want this 
books pos 25.txt i 'm way over the age of 13 , but i just loved this book . interesting story and characters that i enjoyed spending time with 
books pos 340.txt this book depicts the essence of the african american struggle and not just from a woman 's prospective but from an universal one . the women and the men in this book are victims evenly . naylor is a literary star and her poetic prose is her spotlight , which glows undyingly in this classic novel . a must read . 
books pos 359.txt this is a charming little book . it 's very concise , profusely illustrated , and it covers the basic geometry of platonic and archimedean solids . it delightfully summarizes the work of plato / theaetetus , archimedes , euclid , kepler , and euler in only 57 pages , half of which contain only illustrations . as a model-builder who attaches no special religious significance to polyhedra , i was a little concerned when i looked at the other books in the series that this book might be about " sacred geometry . " fortunately ( at least from my point of view ) it does not contain a word about it , except for a cursory reference to the elements plato associated with each of the platonic solids . a table at the end includes the dihedral and central angles and edge / radius ratios for all the platonic and archimedean solids- -all the info a model builder needs ! this book wo n't impress anyone with a mathematics background , but for a layman like me , it 's a perfect introduction . kudos to sutton for putting this material in such an elegant and accessible format 
books pos 824.txt get great information on most bridal manufacturers as well as great ways to save money , such as discount bridal service . i found my dream dress at a huge discount and was very pleased with the service . a good book for brides 
books pos 191.txt this truly excellent collection of singer 's stories ( all originally composed in the yiddish language ) are as colorful as the people about whom the stories were written . here are tales of weddings , of jokesters , of happy occasions of all variety , of feuding farmwives , and of unrepentant fools . after reading through a handful of singer 's works , a person gets the feeling of how it must have been to live as a jew in eastern europe a hundred years ago . this was a culture rich in its traditions and lore , a people who loved life and kept their identity through good times and bad . singer , himself born and raised in the region so many of his short stories describe , was one of very few authors i would unhesitantly dub " a human treasure " 
books pos 589.txt i learned a lot about this history . was useful for the papers that we had to do in class 
books pos 514.txt billy collins 's original voice is delightfully accessible , often blending comedy and solemnity in one poem , and always with something new to say . the playful tone of these poems can be misleading ; whether he is writing about eating a good plate of osso bucco or his favorite museum rooms , there is always a pathos lingering in the silence after the last line . most relieving is the absence of pretentiousness or haughty language . this is simply , as robert bly writes in his introduction to the best american poems of 1999 , collins 's skillful ability to & quot ; bring the soul up close to the thing&quot ; in every poem . books such as & quot ; the art of drowning&quot ; threaten to change the face and purpose of poetry in the 21st century . let 's hope there is plenty more to come from billy collins 
books pos 970.txt for someone like myself that is new to selling and licensing art , this book is so informative . i am so glad that i bought it . it is also a good reference book to keep on hand . i recommend it . 
books pos 922.txt this book ranks along side will durant 's " story of philosophy " as the best book on western philosophy . the key difference is that whereas durant deals only with some selected individuals , russell gives a comprehensive history . topics that get the short shrift in most histories ( pre-socratics , medieval philosophy , etc ) are given the full treatment here . ' howp ' has an authority that few can match . russell was a great philosopher himself - no history of western philosophy is complete without a chapter on him ! the book is strewn with gems of wisdom : 1. " the union of idealism and love of power has led men astray throughout history , and continues to do so even today . " ( on sparta ) 2. " religions that condemn the pleasures of the senses drive men towards the pleasures of power . throughout history , power has been the vice of the ascetic . " ( on the clergy in the middle ages ) 3. " contempt for happiness is usually contempt for other people 's happiness , and is an elegant disguise for hatred of the human race . " ( on continental idealists ) at times the book does get a little dense . there is only so far russell is willing to go to make the subject accessible to the lay reader . i would especially recommend this book for history buffs . russell dovetails the development of western philosophy beautifully with european history . there is no better way to develop interest in a subject than to read a book that connects it with a subject you are already passionate about 
books pos 223.txt this book is the equivalent of the proustian madeleine...to read it is to recover a past long lost . making the case for the mordant paradigm shift of us morals , ethics and literary tastes , this is the marker past which one can see the sad decline of the quality of art and life in the modern world . i cannot improve on the highly intelligent and sensitive overview given here by reviewer big orange " paxbear " and so will not review the book in detail . that it is one of only three saroyan volumes still in print makes the case for the obsolesence of the clear heart and clear mind in today 's mindlessly kinetic world . you can read this book in the time it would take you to go see mi 111 in a cineplex . carpe diem . read this instead 
books pos 216.txt i found this book very helpful in outlining the importance of research & amp ; of tracking earnings estimates . mitch zacks gives a good overview of what the key factors are in determining whether a stock will perform . the zacks rank was also interesting as it looks like it has performed very well over the past years...it seems as if the zacks rank really is accurate , and more imporartantly a successful investing method...this is the first book i have read that has actually helped me make money , rather than just provide broad based market overviews one sometimes reads . overall good book , i would definitely recommend it 
books pos 249.txt stewart and his crew nail it . if you like the daily show , you will love this book . if you like political satire , you will love this book . i have the calendar on my desk where i get a snippet of the book everyday and it reminds me of what i read and i laugh everyday . 
books pos 622.txt it opens with a tribute to h.g. wells and ends with an homage to jules verne.in the middle are 18 more stories that span from side to side of the sf spectrum and , even though they might not be all in the reader 's preferences , are sure worth reading , if not thought-provoking . talking about preferences , i ca n't help mentioning terry bisson 's & quot ; in the upper room&quot ; and damon knight 's & quot ; life edit&quot ; as the best of the lot . look forward for number 3 , and 4 , and. . 
books pos 440.txt this work will be regarded as a classic . it is the best work to date on the first crusade 
books pos 267.txt i highly recommend this book . it 's wonderful ! desi arnaz is a great writer . he tells about his career and personel life honestly and with humor as well . he had a great voice as well 
books pos 742.txt charles h . kahn 's account of the pythagorean philosophical tradtion , although less than 200 pages long , is well worth reading as what it lacks in quantity it makes up for in quality . in a concise , but intelligent , summary , kahn traces pythagoreanism from its semi-legendary founder through to such early modern scientists as copernicus and kepler . as a young academic who specialises in the pythagorean tradition i can recommend this work wholeheartedly to scholars , but as a latinist i must say i was disapointed by kahn 's treatment ( or lack of ) of this strand of western philosophy in late roman and medieval thought . but , this is still the best up to date history of pythagoreanism available in the english language 
books pos 876.txt i found the first book , faerie wars , pretty interesting so i decided to read this one . in many ways it had excellent qualities such as suspense , mystery and a bit of romance . i 'll have to admit , i finished the book pretty quickly because i got hooked onto it and did n't want to put it down . there were many twists and turns of the plot , and it was practically impossible to guess what would happen next at times . i did , however , find the ending a tad abrupt . it was such a shame to finish the book without any more information on pyrgus , mr. fogarty , henry or blue . but overall the book was an excellent one.... . it will certainly capture your interest 
books pos 832.txt from lenny sands ' " hush-hush " dirt-digging memo : " bing crosby 's drying out at a catholic church retreat for alcoholic priests and nuns outside 29 palms . cardinal spellman visited him there . they went on a bender and drove to l.a. blotto . spellman sideswiped a car filled with wetbacks and sent 3 of them to the hospital . bing bought them off with autographed pictures and a few hundred dollars . spellman flew back to new york with the dt's . bing stayed in l.a. long enough to beat up his wife and then went back to the dry-out farm . 
books pos 64.txt theodore b . taylor , the physicist who was the subject of this book died in 2004 , but not before he had completed his spiritual journey from nuclear bomb maker to nuclear protester . even though the text of this book originally appeared in " the new yorker " in 1973 , taylor was still driven to publish his own works on the dangers of nuclear proliferation . mcphee has a very understated style ( " just the facts , ma'am " ) , but this book is still the most frightening i 've ever read . i ca n't decide whether i would want him to write a sequel , because the threat of a nuclear bomb explosion is even greater today than it was in 1973. just ask yourself the following questions : is there more plutonium available to terrorists in 2006 than there was in 1973 ? yes . do more nations have nuclear capability ? yes . can a nuclear bomb be built that is even smaller and more efficient than its 1973 counterpart ? yes . are the instructions for building a nuclear device more readily available than they were in 1973 ? yes . do some people hate america even more than they did in 1973 ? decide this one for yourself . john mcphee , staff writer for the " new yorker " and pulitzer-prize-winning author of twenty-seven books on subjects as various as oranges and the merchant marine , has written a nuclear explosion of a book in " the curve of binding energy . " it 's one of those books that is even more relevant now than when it was written . essentially , it 's a blueprint of how to build a nuclear device using materials at hand , along with a chunk of rather easily stolen u-235 or plutonium . theodore b . taylor , himself the creator of smaller , more efficient nuclear bombs , tells us where to steal the plutonium , how to assemble a bomb , even gives hints on where to plant it- -one of the eeriest parts of this book has taylor and mcphee exploring the now-vanished towers of the world trade center , trying to pick the spot where a nuclear device could do the most damage . " the curve of binding energy " is a must read for every man , jack , and paper-pusher in the department of homeland security , not to mention both houses of congress . i imagine the first reaction of many congresspersons would be to ban this book , but it 's way too late for that , my friend . 
books pos 60.txt so many disbelievers out there ! i feel so sorry for you : no magic left in your dull and predictable worlds ? of course this book is on the level . while my dog ernestine does not build art pieces as such , she 's a pretty good cook and a crack shot . so why not dog artists ? the review of dog art is a little species-centric , however . most of the dog artists i know use faecies or urine to construct art , or engage in performance pieces : " rooting the leg " ; and " licking the balls " spring to mind . dog culture can be appreciated by humans but is not the same as human cuture . so a little less chauvanism please ms mathison 
books pos 300.txt i could n't count how many copies of this book i have purchased . the most recent was for my third grandchild due later this month . this book is the best there is for the very young child . for each of my own three children , it was a stand-out favorite that was read over and over until overuse required it be replaced . we certainly could n't be without a copy ! since then , this book is always included whenever i give gifts to new parents . the book is the touchy-feely type so the child explores the soft fur of the bunny , daddy 's scratchy beard , etc. the only times i hesitated buying it for a new baby was once when the mom was unwed and the father was not involved with her or the child ( there is a page on daddy 's beard and one for mother 's ring ) and another time for a family of color since parents in the book are caucasian . 
books pos 869.txt this book reveiw is on a book named last summer with maizon . this book is about two best friends named margarate and maizon who lives on madison street . her friend maizon was accepted to blue hills , a school where really educated people go . margarate does not want them to be separated . every night she wishes maizon will not get accepted . but when margarate 's father has a second heart attack , he dies and now all margarate has is maizon , her mother , her little brother jay and the people around . margarete was having a rough time anyway and then maizon got accepted to blue hills . when it was time for maizon to leave margarate , her mother and maizon 's grandmother dropped her off . when maizon was n't there with margarate her whole life changed . at school she was becoming popular , she was liked now . days passed by and maizon still did n't call . when margarate went to go get her brother at her neighbors house , that 's when maizon calls . margarate was so excited that maizon wanted to come home . margarate ran to the grandmother 's house telling her the news . margarate said maizon wants to come home , the grandmother says that she would go get her . when maizon got home it was like old times , they ran into each others arms . they then went to their favorite spot and started talking . maizon said she came back because she was n't being treated right , she did n't feel the same . so they sat there and talked and felt like old times with my best friend maizon . i think that this book should have gotten an award or five stars . this book has mostly everything of real life . it deals with best friends , for example like my friendship with kiena . it has separation , like my sister and me . it has a lost loved one like my godfather and it has a lesson like when you do wrong and learn your lesson . i think that this book should have five stars because it really relates to real life , it shows friendship and it shows and explains what happens in real life . i like this book because it reminds me of my life , me and my friends , how we argue and lose our friendship and then gain it back with a little talking . it reminds me of how i lose people in my family and then cry because i miss them . if i could buy this book , i would let my whole family read it , i would make it our reference book for when we need advice or something to do . this book is so good that all my friends wanted to read it . it is so good that i really read it because i do n't really read books and when i read the book it made me think of when my best friend ariel was going to move and how it made me feel , and how i compare it to margarate and maizon . this book is excellent , the author really put their heart in it and that they were depressed and needed a friend . if you ask my best friend johnniece , she 'll say that she really enjoyed the book , that it should get five stars , because the author really put thought , confidence , respect , love , care and her whole heart into this book . when i say she put confidence in this book i meant that she wrote it knowning that it will be a hit . the author thought about the words , thought her life and compared it and started writing it with compassion . i think that this book should be the book of the month in my school , because it shows and teaches a lesson . with the summary i wrote i put my heart in it because when i read it , it touched my heart . i wo n't want my friend away from me . i think that i mostly relate to maizon , because when she left margarte was beginning to be liked , and the girl was talking about maizon and margarte sat there and watched and listened instead of doing the right thing and telling them to stop doing that to their friend . i relate to maizon , i relate to her because if people do n't like me , i do n't care . if people want me out of somewhere , then i 'll leave and if people love me , i love them back and that 's how maizon is . she does n't take junk . alot of people relate to maizon . this book is interesting and gets interesting as you read on . this book is really a good book that shows you friendship , break-up and everything else that deals with real life . i love this book , it is really good and i think that if most people had this book then they would n't be out doing the stupid and illegal things that they are doing . this book really did n't grasp dr. kings dream because when maizon went to blue hills , the whites were treating her bad , they saw her different . brenliniqua , class 7-512 
books pos 9.txt *** refers to cd recording **** after picking up and putting down the book countless times i finally listened to this on cd . the time and attention i did n't have for the print version came easily for the audio recording . guiness is an engaging and enthusisatic speaker in full command of his subject matter . he draws on foundational christian truths , historic and contemporary references , anecdotes , and a solid business acumen . he routinely distinguishes between what something is and is not ( eg ; vocation , calling , surrender ) in unequivocal terms . also , he consistently makes the point that the main reason for our existence is to glorify god ; everything else in his presentation simply ties-back to this truth . he explains how we get distracted , how others have , and how we can correct our path , again providing examples . and unlike the christianity lite trend in america that often promotes wealth without work or responsibility , guinness is explicit about the sacrifice inherent in a christian life , using for example the lives of leonidas , st. francis , and bonhoeffer . he also speaks of the joys of a truly god-centered life . i recommend the call to anyone who is listening for their own call . it will help you distinguish between a calling and wish-fulfillment / fantasy , acquaint you with others who have heard their call , and inspire you to act . if you 've already heard and responded to your call , you 'll recognize guinness as a fellow traveler . this 3-hour presentation was taped live at highland park presbyterian church in dallas , tx usa . the recording includes 3 audience q&a sessions of about 10 minutes each . these were as informative as the main presentation , often reflecting the very questions i had while listening . recording was produced by wpublishinggroup.com in nashville , tn usa 
books pos 130.txt indispensable for many areas of theological research - church history , dogmatic overviews , biographies , editions , and so many many other things . a masterpiece ! if i could afford it , i would give everybody who press the " yes " button by " was this review helpful to you ? " a copy ! : - 
books pos 230.txt dr. temperance brennan , a forensic anthropologist , is called upon to aid in the investigation of a commercial jet crash in the mountains of north carolina . andrew ryan , a colleague and romantic possible , turns up on site also when his partner in the quebec police is listed on the flight manifest . when temperance discovers a foot that does not seem to come from the disaster site , things begin to get dangerous for her and those around her . it becomes a clue in a deadly mystery involving many highly placed individuals who want their secret to remain just that , a secret . temperance and ryan spark reactions from each other , the question is , will it ignite or just smolder ? ? this novel is full of forensic science and detail that open the door to a fascinating yet gruesome world . kathy reichs has an afterword page in which she talks about 9 / 11 and the real disaster site in nyc where she aided in determining the identities of victims from the twin towers , serving on the government disaster response team , much like temperance in this novel.......although she says the horror and emotional impact was more than she could have imagined . the novel was written and published 2 months before the real disaster occurred 
books pos 75.txt this book was a life saver for me as i opened my solo practice this summer . without it , i would have spent countless hours developing these forms myself . the feature that allows you to customize the forms is especially nice . i recommend this for new or veteran mental health workers 
books pos 919.txt i really enjoyed this book as i do all of her tamara hayle mysteries . i was n't really surprised with the ending but i still enjoyed it and recommend that you read it . i 'm ready for the next tamara hayle installment i hope basil is in the next one . 
books pos 930.txt i am at the mid-point of the book and will likely post another review when i am done . [...] the authors give the history and motivation and design decisions behind hla . they also give many good examples , [...] , allow you to get a really good feel for the important concepts of hla by running an actual federation . one thing i will be looking for is the impact of the architecture on simulation performance , scalability in practice ( as opposed to in theory ) , and how is hla likely to evolve over the next couple decades . i do n't know yet whether the book is enough for you to create your first federation . if you really have no background at all in simulation , you will still get a lot out of the first couple of chapters , plus the many references to articles written on the subject , but do n't expect to find the other chapters easy . using my background in simulation systems , i can say that hla seems to have been very well thought out , based on real-life simulation systems , and is therefore not trivial . but that 's what makes it interesting , and the book so far lives up to that 
books pos 210.txt if you just want the latest research , go read the new england journal of medicine . if you want the latest research plus experience , understanding , compassion , and answers to your most embarrassing questions , get this book ! i heard the co-author , francesca coltrera , speak a few weeks ago . i was absolutely blown away by how lucid , informed , and compassionate this woman was . she did n't just present the book as a bible for people undergoing breast cancer treatment ( though it is that ) . she talked about it as a a kind of lifeline- -a source to go to for questions the doctors and nurses do n't have the patience ( or experience ) to answer . i hope you do n't need a book like this . but if you do , this is the one to get 
books pos 104.txt i read this book several months ago , and i still ca n't shake the feeling of having read a very , very good book . the effect of yourcenar 's words still lingers . the text is an imagined valedictory letter or speech from emperor hadrian to his successor . the emperor himself is dying , and faces a world that he is about to leave behind . he recalls his life , from being a young boy in his native spain , to his ascension to the highest public post imaginable , that of emperor of rome . just as his professional career was incredible , so is the generosity and candidness of his " confession " . there is seemingly no secret nook left untouched from his personal life . in the end , having cast that final weight , his conscience , from off his shoulders , the emperor is at last able to turn away from one world and face another - that of the gods . 
books pos 871.txt i picked up the first volumne of these graphic novel series a while ago and i 've been trying to get the whole series ever since ! the concept is new and interesrting and the art is always great . animal farm was especially good because of all the twists in the plot line . nothing is as it seems to be ! take my word . 
books pos 495.txt terry 's son , nile , has honored his father ( and done the rest of us a huge favor ) by publishing this collection of the best of terry 's shorter works . terry concluded at one point that film had surpassed literature as the communication medium of choice , and devoted most of the rest of his life to that arena . his interview " on screenwriting " describes both the benefits and the frustrations associated with that choice . his advice is just as relevant to the would-be screenwriter today as it was when he wrote it . his " proposed scene for kubrick 's rhapsody , " and " plums and prunes , " provide interesting examples of proposed movie scenes that will prove interesting to readers unfamiliar with that arcane art . as other reviewers have noted , " grooving in chi " is an excellent description of the chicago riots during the democratic national convention in 1968. finally , pieces like " the beautiful-ugly art of lotte lenya , " " when film gets good , " " rolling over our nerve-endings [william burroughs] , " and " writers at work [henry green] " prove that he could write serious criticism . through it all flows that wonderful , irreverent , sense of humor . good stuff 
books pos 303.txt a good thriller , that was very grisham . delivered on exactly what you read grisham for . 
books pos 837.txt from what i gather , edward abbey has somewhat of a cult following . i had never read anything by the guy , never even heard of him before i got this book . i just thought i should point that out before going on . this book kept me reading , no doubt about that . it has it 's downsides , but overall , i 'd reccomend it . not " hey , you gotta read this right now , " but it 's good if you 're looking for something a little different . this book kind of made me think . i 'm not the kind of guy who is always reading into a book trying to analyze every aspect of it . but i could n't help it with this story . i thought a lot of it was psychological , dealing with the main character , his thoughts , attitudes , and what made him tick . this is a fairly long book , but the actual story of the guy going back to his hometown is short . the plot alternates every chapter- - one about where he presently is , and then a memory , then where he is , then another memory , and so on . although it was an interesting way to write the book , i thought some of the memory sequences dragged a bit . but do n't get me wrong , overall i did enjoy them . if you 're looking for something that might be able to fuel a couple of thoughts about life , this is a good bookt to pick up 
books pos 152.txt hacker 's challenge 2 is a sort of practical exam for the hacking exposed series . hacker 's challenge was a terrific book for putting some incident response and forensic skills to use and practicing for the real thing . hacker 's challenge 2 continues the tradition and should be a must read for anyone who works with network security and incident response . the style of the challenges is fairly entertaining and the plots are so engaging you may not want to put the book down . its like a best-selling mystery novel for network security techies . it may not affect the quality of the book overall , but i preferred having the authors of the individual challenges identified as they were in hacker 's challenge . however , you should definitely buy this book ! ( ... 
books pos 753.txt this has been a great tool in helping my kids understand why they should not eat junk ! highly recommended 
books pos 956.txt the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy is the number one best selling book in the galaxy for many reasons . one it is slightly cheaper than others , but most important is that it has the words'do n't panic ' written in bold letters on the cover . the story of the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy revolves around this remarkable book . this story strangely begins when the earth is destroyed by a vogon construction fleet clearing the way for a hyper space express way . the last earthman , arthur dent , is saved by his best friend ford prefect , who is actually an alien that comed from a small palnet somewhere in the vecinity of betelgeuse . they are soon thrown out of an air lack and rescued by the heart of gold using the infinate improbability drive . inside they meet up with zaphod beeblebrox , the two headed , three armed president of the galaxy , trillian , an earthwoman who arthur failed to pick up and wnt with zaphod , and marvin , a parinoid android . this book tells of there amazing adventures throughought the galaxy . these adventures involve mice , an abandonded planet , a rather suprised sperm whale , and the number 42. i loved this book for many reasons . one reason is that it is filled with unexpected humor . another is that it gives a good spin on life . i could always count on this book to cheer me up . do n't just stop with this book there are many others in this series . 
books pos 408.txt the form of chinese meditation called qigong is based upon the fundamental lessons of internal elixir qigong - and the first step in learning this process is to absorb embryonic breathing theory and techniques which were long kept secret within buddhist monasteries . dr. yang translates and discusses most of the documents available on this arcane process , providing a summary of the practice and an important analysis of the breathing technique which is essential to the study of this ancient buddhist discipline . an essential key to understanding 
books pos 630.txt the four tales in this collection are beautifully composed ; they are art , not just stories . each story is deep in its unique complexities . each one has plots and subplots and paints an impeccable image of the story upon the reader 's mind . and when i look back upon the book as a whole , upon the adventurous stories , the excitement and emotion that the author presents so exquisitely , i ca n't help but be extremely impressed . 
books pos 305.txt set in venice at the end of world war ii , hemingway tells a romantic and touching story of the love affair between a gruff 50 year old american colonel and renata , a young and very pretty italian contessa . loss is a recurring theme- -the death of many of the colonel 's subordinates in combat , the break-up of his earlier marriage to a career woman , and the severe injury to one of the colonel 's hands from which he suffers constant pain . the colonel may also be dying and his time left with his young lover may be very short . what gives the novel so much poignancy and resonance is the great devotion renata and the colonel have for one another . renata seeks to comfort the colonel and implores him to relate to her the worst of his combat experiences so that he may relieve some of his bitterness . the colonel lovingly calls renata , " daughter . " hemingway tells this tale in the deceptively simple , direct , and matter of fact style for which he is justly celebrated . i could have done without the duck hunting sequences and some of the colonel 's more obvious macho behavior , but hemingway , being hemingway , understandably could not . this is a lovely and sad story , filled with the yearnings of its two lead characters 
books pos 541.txt the miernik dossier was shockingly good . before this , i had never read anything by mccarry . in fact , i had never even heard the man 's name . i was lucky to come across a review of this re-issued work in a magazine . now i am collecting everything by him . the story follows an odd assortment of people , some of whom may or may not be intelligence agents , as they travel south through europe into africa . for the entire length of the book you will be wondering and guessing and probably changing your mind many times as to who is working against whom and trying to figure out if miernik is who he says he is . the writers of the dossier themselves seem to be unsure . in that sense the miernik dossier has similar elements to a mystery or detective novel , but yet it goes way beyond that . it is also a highly compelling character study , with each of the group drawn intricately by the author so that you come to know the characters . this makes it all the more suspenseful because these people who you seem to know or possibly identify with in some way may very well not be who you think they are . the miernik dossier is a highly entertaining read . true spy literature , in the vein of ashenden , that is enjoyable for those who enjoy spy stories , mysteries or simply great writing . i cannot wait to read this book again 
books pos 389.txt i loved the core knowledge curriculum . the reason i switched my children to a charter school is that they started out teaching ck . i also switched them back to the public school when the principal got away from ck and made it just like a public school . i agree that a teacher should supplement what is in the ck books to give their students a better understanding of the material . teaching the information exactly how it is presented in the books would be very dry . however ck is a great outline of what should be taught . it covers a tremendous amount of knowledge including the fight for civil rights , all religious ideology , multicultural literature and more . if there is a problem with the books , it is that many children would not be motivated to learn the wide variety of topics covered . for many it would be too much . also weak teachers would be overwhelmed trying to cover everything . hence , anyone claiming that ck supports a racist philosophy has never read the books . also i want to point out that the reviewer who called the books racist misspelled the word . it is not spelled rasist . i also find it disturbing that the reviewer is supposedly a teacher . when attending school , maybe that teacher would have benefited from a core knowledge foundation . 
books pos 282.txt the story is both true and extremely unique : the author , who is an austrian mountaineer and a ss nazi officer at the same time , escapes from a british pow camp in india with the goal to go through tibet to japan-occupied burma , to be sent back to germany , so as not to miss his chance to participate in wwii . the extreme difficulties of hiding from officials and surviving the wintry elements of the himalaya mountains make his burma plan impossible , so he stays in tibet . his unthinkable achievements include storming his way into the " forbidden city " ( lhassa , the capital ) , gaining employment in the tibetian government , becoming a friend of the " god-king " dalai lama - an extremely bright , knowledge-hungry teenager , and learning the tibetian language to the degree which anable him to do live interpretation for dalai lana of english-language movies ( " believe me , it is not easy for a german to translate shakespearian english into tibetian " ) . going with a yak through the snows of the 20 , 000-feet himalayan passes , escaping merciless robbers , manouvering between border guards - make seven years in tibet a great adventure book . however , the insightful and rich observations about tibetian people , customs , culture and politics , go far beyond any other available information on that far-away country , and dalai-lama 's foreword to this book confirms this fact . the peaceful and friendly life and culture of tibet is raped by military annexation of tibet by china in 1951. the ancient monasteries are destroyed , the puritan-like culture is replaced by such crude elements of civilization as e.g. brothels for the occupying soldiers , dalai lama twice escapes to india , and so does the author ; one third of the tibetians die of starvation . " seven tears ib tibet " allows us a bitter-seet inside into see a country , that lived the way how countries in medieval times lived ; also , the country trampled and largely destroyed by its aggressive neighbour . 
books pos 39.txt great heartwarming stories about a boy , 2 owls and a dog . i recommend this for all ages . the cover markets this as a childrens 's book , but adults who like animals will love this story too . a bird lovers ' delight 
books pos 511.txt this commentary has many tremendous insights into the book of romans . romans is one of the richest resources of truth within the bible and john stoot does a good job of unpacking it . the book is written from a framework of the reader having a strong prior understanding of the scriptures . it is probably not considered a highly scholarly work , but it is not for the average reader to pick up for light reading either 
books pos 87.txt published in 1986 , dr. deming " out of the crisis " seems to form the basis for the transformation needed in american management mentality . two main subjects are discussed in the book . the first is the exposure of problems and pitfalls in top management operations , the second , relates suggestions and solutions that can solve and transform the way american management operates . 14 core points are suggested by dr. deming to address problems in management and are supported by many examples using different scientific methods . throughout the book , dr. deming promotes the loss of slogans that are even today being practiced by a share of the american industry , and advocates management that is based on principles such as quality and leadership . at times , the book is not a continuous process that is easy to follow , but overall , dr. deming 's concepts are transferred to the reader . dr. deming 's " out of the crisis " helped me learn new perspectives about how management and employees can help in building or transforming an industry to a successful one . 
books pos 222.txt this book is as close to perfect as you can get . i personally like magical realism and also wanted to learn more about the recent history of india . worth noting , the mistry book , a fine balance , while good , is basically a full on rip off of this book . if you want the original , read rushdie . mistry should be ashamed . his is not even a different take , it is just another take of the same image and not as good 
books pos 420.txt i love this book ! i have read a-c so far , and this is my favorite book so far . it has a really strong plot , and a surprising ending . this crime book series is great , and i highly suggest picking this book up , or even starting with a 
books pos 57.txt brilliant . sam harris portends the calamitous pathway that irrational , divisive thinking ( religious & secular ) will cause . he also spells out the necessary suggestions and goals for humans to evolve to the point where we 're globally not at risk of suffering due to anachronistic prejudices 
books pos 480.txt one of the most interesting classical texts . if you are interested in greek myth , legend , history and culture , you must read this series 
books pos 914.txt i took a class on sociology and law in college and my professor kept on referring to this book . i decided to see what he was talking about first hand and am glad i did ! this book is expertly written and thought provoking . this is kind of book that you take out and reference every once in a while . yes , it does get boring in some parts but i think that if you are in the legal profession or you just like history this is a book for you ! 
books pos 176.txt a remarkable introduction to ezra pound . makin explains some of the underlying structures that order the cantos- -periplous , ideogram , fugue , the ' repeat in history' --and gives concise readings of individual sections that helped my understanding enormously . he does an especially good job of connecting pound 's theory of money to his views on sex and creativity . makin manages to be critical of pound while treating his ideas with verve and sympathy ; the writing is colloquial , witty and jargon-free . i enjoyed the cantos much more after reading this short , effective study 
books pos 458.txt although everything is shown in silhouette , there is plenty of color and action and my kids ( boy and girl ; now 3 and 5 ) have always like it . there are herds of elephants , steaming machines , flowers , critters and more . as the first spotlight reviewer did a good job of summarizing the assortment of critters and things that one can find i wo n't say more . but in regards to the use of silhouettes instead of pictures or detailed line drawings at least one reviewer has said that they did n't like them . but i think they miss the point . the book is about *shapes* and how much you *can* identify without the ` advantage ' of a detailed picture . and looking at the silhouette and identifying the item / creature is part and parcel of the mental exercise , just like the rhythm and rhyme of the story . if you used pictures you 'd hardly learn anything about ` shapes ' would you . no , the use of shadows is just right for exercising young minds . for reaching for that aristotelian abstract ( lol ) of what is ` skunk' . and it is amazing how even the littlest of people can tell a skunk from a cat even with seuss ' odd artwork . five stars . 19 pages of fun for boys and girls . this sturdy boardbook is a good read-aloud that stretches the imagination 
books pos 148.txt i truly enjoyed northern lights . ms. roberts ways with words are so descriptive and it kept me going with the mystery and growing love between the two characters in this book . i truly enjoy nora roberts , she is an excellent writer . i cannot wait to read more of her newer writings as well as her older writings . 
books pos 642.txt i read a review of this in l.a. weekly which said that it was & quot ; a lot of fun&quot ; and entertaining in a sort of ironic way , despite the fact that it became more slapstick at the end . i read it , and agreed for the most part , except i felt that the characters were much stronger and wittier than i had expected and the author seemed more generous to them than i would have thought from the initial satirical tone . the ending was a little over the top , but it was an example of the kind of senseless fireworks these characters would have to simulate in their own lives . all in all , i thought it was a very intelligent and amusing first novel 
books pos 530.txt this is a great book . well written and illustrated . this is one of the most hilarious children 's books i 've read to my child . we were laughing throughout the whole thing . i highly recommend this book to both children and adults 
books pos 512.txt the book & quot ; communicating effectively&quot ; is a home run ! the format invites an easy read with quick reference potential . building on the fundamentals of good communication lani takes us around the bases and adds authentic and practical ways of dealing with issues we all face . she brings us home again with new skills learned and a more effective game plan to approach the communication challenge 
books pos 254.txt i was wrong . ok , i 've admitted it . i always thought science fiction or futuristic type novels were n't my cup of tea . while reading conspiracy in death i realized i could n't have been more wrong - i love this futuristic series ! a homeless man is murdered and the case is assigned to eve dallas , since it 's not a random act of violence . this man , snooks , died when his heart was surgically removed by what appeared to be a very skilled surgeon . when dallas digs a bit further , she discovers that this crime is connected to another committed in new york city where an aged lc ( licensed companion ) died as the result of her liver being removed . after even more digging , dallas discovers a case in chicago and one abroad that were all similar . these were not the result of black market organ sales since all of the victims were within a few months of dying . in order for eve dallas to find the murderer she had to figure out why these victims were chosen . the closer she got to that answer , the more nervous very influential politicians and doctors became . when she got too close to the truth , the villain had to put a stop to her investigation . the best way to get dallas off the case was to have her suspended from the police department . this was a simple procedure since there was a conflict between the patrol officer who discovered snook 's body and dallas . when that patrolwoman was brutally murdered suspicion fell on dallas . stripped of her badge and weapon , the very items that have been the heart and sole of her during her adult life , she has to deal with not only the idea of not being a police detective , but also with trying to solve this crime having her hands tied . the main plot was interesting but the villain was predictable and no surprise . there was excellent character development and as usual j.d. robb ( aka nora roberts ) draws the reader into the suspense to the point of not being able to put down the book . what makes this book above average and falling into the excellent range is the fantastic subplot of eve dallas being stripped of her identity as a policewoman and how she must deal with the various facets of that . at times , it was more intense and more exciting that the main plot . this is definitely one to read , as all of the " in death " series books have been . start with the first book when reading because j.d. robb always has a couple of instances where she reflects on previous happenings . or you can start with the first book just because it 's the beginning of an excellent adventure ! 
books pos 212.txt yes , it 's the bible of cooking . its like a degree at the culinary institute . however , its not an easy book to cook from . most recipes refer to several parts of the book for details on how to prepare different parts of the recipe . so you contstantly have to page back and forth in the book . its intimidating for the novice who just wants to cook , but if you really want to learn about cooking then its the book to have 
books pos 65.txt i bought this book after a recent trip with my family to italy . the food was so wonderful that i wanted to learn more about it . essentials of classic italian cooking turned out to be exactly what i was looking for . it explains the basics as well as the regional specialties . i learned so much ! i highly recommend it 
books pos 699.txt mark liberman and geoffrey k . pullum could be accused of making the best of an already satisfactory situation in publishing this book that reiterates their ongoing blog on linguistics . but for this reader , having never visited their blog ( until now ) , this book is a treasure trove of quips and oops and pooh bahs and evidences of the strangely twisted manner in which we communicate . written in a casual style that makes the faux pas revelations more cogent , the authors share embarrassingly poor writing from the media , from authors , from those in control of the country ( as though the mentality of the us might somehow be reflected in the malapropisms of george w . ...yikes ! ) , and yet reading this blogline of information never seems vitriolic . criticism is one of the most substantial ways to create change and hopefully this book and blogline will focus many minds on the misuse of the english language , perhaps effecting some much needed corrections . far from the madding gerund ( did n't you always wonder why thomas hardy used that word in the title of his great novel ' far from the madding crowd ' ? ) is a book to pleasure the mind - and humor - and a fine resource for perusing before writing or speaking to a group of wise souls . so maybe it is a print form of a blogline , but for those of us who tire of wading through the computer for reading , it is a complete ( ? compleat ? ) pleasure ! grady harp , june 0 
books pos 516.txt mill states here that he still believes traditional gender roles ( as we now call them ) are desirable , but , being john mill , he passionatly believes in the freedom of lifestyle choice for the individual . hard to argue with that 
books pos 164.txt i have read every hiaasen novel , except " flush " and " naked came the manatee . " i have enjoyed reading almost every one of them [there are exceptions - - " basket case " definitely was not up to the mark , imho]. the best among them , in my opinion , are " strip tease " , and " double whammy . " " double whammy " is funnier among the two . " strip tease " is a little more serious . this is one novel i read once in a while whenever i get the urge to laugh out loud . those characters are crazy 
books pos 706.txt it is interesting to see how golems evolve from pratchett 's discworld novel , " feet of clay " ( 1996 ) , where they are speechless slaves of clay , to " going postal " ( 2004 ) where a well-educated but humorless golem serves as body guard and lecturer-in-morals to the new post master . this is where it all begins.. . commander sir samuel vimes , of ankh-morpork 's night watch pays a visit to the dragon king of arms at the urging of his new wife , who thinks sam needs his own coat-of-arms now that he 's been knighted . unfortunately , one of sam 's ancestors was a regicide so his descendent is denied an armorial bearing by the college of heralds . he does learn that one of his watchmen is actually the earl of ankh : the inimitable corporal nobbs , who is forced to carry around a piece of paper signed by ankh-morpork 's patrician certifying that he 's really human . well , this is a bit of a come-down for sir sam , but he 's got more important matters on his mind , including the murders of two harmless old men . one of them was beaten to death by a loaf of dwarf bread . his body was discovered by captain carrot and corporal angua , the only werewolf in the night watch , when they visited the dwarf bread museum on their day off . the only link between the two corpses is a trace of white clay at both murder scenes . subplots zigzag every which-way through " feet of clay . " corporal ' earl of ankh ' nobbs is being courted by a group of well , nobs who have n't given up on the notion that ankh-morpork should be ruled by a king . captain carrot , hereditary king of ankh-morpork who wisely refused the crown in " men at arms , " is busy tracking murderers and emancipating golems . sargeant colon is about to retire if he lives through a trip through the sewers with wee mad arthur . corporal angua helps a new dwarf recruit come to terms with her yen to wear lipstick . death , who has at least a walk-on role in all the discworld fantasies is still working on his sense of humor : " i am death , not taxes . i turn up only once . " if this sounds confusing , it isn't . it 's brilliant . all of the story lines tie together according to character . i do n't know how pratchett digs through the sewers and stockyards of ankh-morpork , and rubs together a monarchist plot with a bit of animated clay to create such a gem . i think he must use magic . 
books pos 834.txt this book contains the childhood memoirs of peter reich . as the son of psychoanalyst wilhelm reich , peter led a bizarre life . he lived with his parents on the family estate of orgonon in the backwoods of maine . not only did his father develop a unique form of psychotherapy , but he also was a theorist who experimented with unknown forms of energy . as wilhelm 's only child , peter was one of the first recipients of reich 's therapy methods , which involved special forms of touch , energy channeling , " softening the stomach " , and inducing vomiting ( in peter 's account ) . peter was also made lieutenant in his father 's defensive squad that protected the earth from ufo attacks through the use of " accumulator guns " . the elder reich eventually got in trouble with the fda for manufacturing and promoting medical equipment without proper testing for safety and effectiveness . the court case involving his work eventually landed him in jail through contempt of court . not long after being sent to prison , he passed away , apparently of heart failure . upon his father 's death , peter found himself at the tender age of 13 forced to confront his father 's legacy of brilliance and madness . up until the time of his father 's death , he had believed everything his father told him , not knowing enough of contemporary scientific theories to understand how different his father 's version of reality was from most other people 's , nor having established an identity of his own through which he could objectively choose between his father 's explanations and standard scientific approaches . in this book , peter tries to sort out for himself what is real and what is not , what is his , and what is his father's . the book reads like the proverbial onion-chapters move in a dreamlike fashion from one period of time to another . sometimes it 's hard to tell if what peter is describing actually took place , or whether it was all an imaginative game in his head . by the end of the book , the reader will have some inkling of the confusion in peter 's mind , but , like peter , may not be capable of saying what really happened . in any case , this is very much a book about peter reich , and not wilhelm reich , although readers who want to learn more about wilhelm reich may find some clues to his ideas through the interpretation of his son , who experienced them first hand and without question 
books pos 802.txt this is by far my 2 year old son 's favorite book and he has lots of them . whenever it 's time to read to him he says & quot ; toot toot&quot ; and i know that means he wants to have this book read to him , sometimes several times in a row . the illustrations are wonderful , and there is all sorts of stuff going on if you look closely . an all around great , fun book , i highly recommend this book 
books pos 52.txt i expected this to be dry and mechanical like lots of other math texts - too-technical proofs , homework questions irrelevant to the material , insufficient explanations for why things are the way they are . this book really surprised me because it was n't " mathy " at all . it does n't just throw proofs at you expecting you to wade thru page upon page of math notation until you understand - it gives you the intuitive side of important concepts , which means you only need common sense , not an intensive mathematical background to get everything . the examples they picked simplify rather than confuse the concepts . each easily and naturally leads to the next . if there 's anything not thoroughly elaborated , they were sure to cover it in the homework questions , by gently prodding the reader along towards the answer step by step instead of smacking them in the face with impossible problems . homework questions supplement the material perfectly and basically leave you with a full and well-rounded impression of what the concepts mean as well as when and why to use them , not just how to plug numbers into some formula . if anything , i 'd say this book errs on the side of caution in that in some sections it could pick up the pace a little . but then again , you could always just skip the easier parts 
books pos 515.txt a few of my favorite painters are contemporaries of still , so i saw it as my duty to see the hirschhorn exhibition . well , i picked a dead day and had the show to myself and simply put i am now a fan . the book is great and david anfam 's addition to the book is especially enlightening about the work of still 
books pos 660.txt this one is the best of the " song " series - the hero is not a rapist , the heroine is n't dumb , and the plot is actually a bit different from the others . nice light reading - renews my faith a little in the author 
books pos 122.txt thank you for sharing laci and your story with me . this book is superbly written and shares with the reader a mother 's love for her daughter and angst over her murder . how tragic to lose laci . how disgusting & heartwrenching what you had to endure since laci went " missing " . i highly recommend this book to all . beautifully written by a loving a mother 
books pos 713.txt on page 116 , formula 6.1 , the price formula for a bond is actually for a semiannual coupon bond , not as stated on the book , for annual coupon bond . as a consequence , the dv01 , duration and convexity formula it states are for semiannual coupon bonds as well . i think both tuckman and fabozzi 's books have their own pros and cons . tuckman 's book touchs more on the trading , which is interesting . although it could be less rigorous in terms of treating the formulas . i own both books . 
books pos 643.txt the language , the words , the concepts , the illustrations , the points he brings out , everything in this book is beautiful . the metaphors he will use to get a certain point across , is brilliant , simple , creative , nimble ; he dances around philosophical discussion with grace . he explains relativism , and absolutism , quite well , and puts you in the crossfire , to make up your mind ; he shows you , but does n't tell you ; he offers you ; he willingly gives you ; the truth . buy this book 
books pos 26.txt great story ! ! excellent in fact . my beef is with the narrator and editor : as someone who grew up in the baltimore area , i thoroughly enjoyed the local references . however , it is frustrating to hear the narrator mispronounce baltimore icons , like boog 's bbq at camden yards . for the record , it is not pronounced bow-g ! it is boo-g.. . do better research ! ! 
books pos 283.txt i have to give philippa gregory a big thank you ! for approaching this story from a different perspective from the other boleyn girl . it delves into the lives of those in poverty without straying far from the lavish lifestyles of english royalty and wealth . again i was attached to the characters and their struggles while learning much about the time period and historical events . there were a few very alluring relationships between the narrator and the men she encounters creating a whirlwind of emotions for the reader but in the end , i was very pleased with the romantic outcome of the book . so if you are deciding whether or not you 'd like to read this after having read the other boleyn girl , i greatly encourage you to do so , you wo n't regret it 
books pos 926.txt yay- -this book was fun and extremely informative . at first , the idea of coloring at my age was a bit funny ( to keep it humorous for me , i conjured up in my mind a tall , overgrown middle-aged male graduate student squeezed in a chair , hunched back looking over a desk and coloring with his set of 64 crayons ) . anyway , i digress . as a doctoral graduate student taking a neuroscience course- -this book really helped me nail down structures of *way* too many things . but ultimately , it helped me make the grade . if you get the book , make sure to color in it- -it really does help ( not to mention a great way to relieve some stress from the day ) . otherwise , what 's the use of buying a book like this- -it becomes an ordinary textbook if you do n't color in it . 
books pos 543.txt kurzweil opens with a very heartfelt recounting of his return to judaism and his personal path which led him to rabbi steinsaltz . from there the chapters fly by effortlessly , partitioned in small chapters of which each is it 's own midrash , giving each of us something to reflect upon and discuss . this is for everyone who wants to know more about not only steinsaltz , but the beauty and wisdom of the jewish faith 
books pos 194.txt i assume the plot of this famous tale is well known , so i wo n't spend time on it , but in recently re-reading this book for the first time since ninth-grade english class in the ' 90 's , i was repeatedly struck by a piercing question : how exactly over time does drama become melodrama ? will our cherished novels seem melodramatic to readers a hundred-forty years hence ? how does this happen , and is there ever an end-point to it ? dickens was by any standard a literary master , and if typifying one 's age is a virtue , then he does this to perfection , yet if failing to achieve a universality unhindered by time ( as other writers have done ) is a limitation , then in this one sense alone charles dickens has an achilles heel 
books pos 817.txt thank you for the fast shipping of the daily strength books , they will make great gifts - thanks , rober 
books pos 928.txt this books offers information that will eliminate a lot of unnecessary headache and rejection for writers who are currently published and those looking to break into the freelance field . the tips and examples are great , and there are many resources for those who want to get published . in my opinion , it 's essential for making the most of your writing career . 
books pos 105.txt this book is very readable because it is oriented to the general reader . chapter 1 gives his short autobiography as to why he became an anthropologist , and his experiences in kenya . a forensic pathologist is a medical doctor trained in pathology . a forensic anthropologist has a ph.d . and studied anthropology , specializing in the human skeletal system . chapter 3 tells about his laboratory , and the tools used for his work . chapter 4 has many of the cases he worked on . chapter 5 notes that most dismemberments result from the drug trade or motorcycle gangs . the interstate highway system provides arteries for crimes and serial killers . ( p.63 ) . chapter 6 discusses cases of suicide . many people kill themselves without intending to . it is important to distinguish between murder and suicide ( p.86 ) . page 87 tells why florida has an inordinate number of suicides . chapter 7 explains how forensic anthropology developed in response to murders . this chapter discusses some famous cases of this relatively young science . page 101 tells how to distinguish between bone from rock by taste ! chapter 8 says bones are not solid and unchanging , they are constantly reshaping themselves . in chapter 9 maples tells of the use of capital punishment ( p.128 ) , and discusses the various methods ( pp.129-131 ) . he seems emotionally involved . chapter 10 informs us about cremation . chapter 11 has maples ' most difficult and most fascinating and perplexing case . the two dead in high springs fl were linked to a shocking double murder in new hampshire ( p.152 ) . page jennings ' parents made a big , fatal mistake in sending their daughter so far away after her failure as a freshman ( p.164 ) . chapter 12 deals with the mia in vietnam , about 2200 compared to the 8170 in korea . hollywood movies created this popular image of captured men ( p.187 ) . a " delusion " ( p.188 ) ? maples describes the us army central identification laboratory that identifies remains recovered from vietnam . page 202 tells what happened at the executive office building . chapter 13 tells of his investigation to recognize the skeleton of pizarro , and correct an old mistake . the exhumation of president zachary taylor and the tests for arsenic poisoning are told in chapter 14. page 224 tells of his importance to those times : he backed free states in the new territories . his replacement changed his policies . chapter 15 may be the most historically important . maples was part of a team that identified the bones of tsar nicholas and his family . maples draws political conclusions from " rotten , neglected teeth " ( p.259 ) . chapter 16 tells of the murder of five college students over two days in gainesville florida . maples identified the murder weapon ( pp.271-273 ) . the book concludes with the complaint that states are not funding forensic anthropologists , who are few and far between , especially in florida ( pp.278-279 ) . florida is " the most crime-ridden state in the union " . that is a political decision for each state government . this recalls the most realistic portion of " quincy , m.e. " : whenever quincy wanted to do more research , his manager often said " there 's no money in the budget " ! 
books pos 989.txt i am not going to go over the contents of the book , or much about charles bukowski , because if you are considering this book you must know something about the man and his work . i will just give you my impression of this collection of work . no collection can ever really be complete , there are always new things to add , new commentary , newly discovered works , transcripts of records and unpublished letters , but this book does an excellent job in its attempt . to me charles bukowski will always be one of the greatest american writers of the twentieth century , because of the sheer brutality and honesty his work emanates . it is funny , sad , sadistic , cruel , scathing , enlightening and thought provoking . everything i like to read . this is poetry for people who are disgusted by verse of flowers , trees and greek mythology . this is raw human emotion and experience smeared out onto paper . it is not perfect , and it is not trying to be . it does n't always work , but there in lies the subtle beauty of bukowski 's efforts . the guts to try . the attempts at honesty , clearly blocked by his unwillingness to divulge everything , and his cynicism of man . this book has one of the most moving , amazing , and insightful poems...or anything else...ever written . it is called the genius of the crowd . if you read that work of art and are not moved...nothing will . this collection is shocking in its beauty , and inspiring by its simplicity . enjoy 
books pos 27.txt this book is not about all people . it is about gifted ( in this case that means sensitive ) children that are misused to feed their parents narcissism . most children are not that sensitive and hence not suseptible to that specific abuse . it is possible to be gifted and not be sensitive , but those traits do trend together . i agree that reading this book is an emotional experience for those former children , but that is a necessary part of the healing process . this book pioneered the idea examine this from the child 's perspective , and any subsequent critics need to consider this . i heartily recommend this book for those that have been affected , and the others should give their copy to the library , grateful not to have needed it 
books pos 96.txt these are true tales from a clinical neurologist 's notebook , but this is n't just any neurologist . oliver sacks , author of the justly celebrated , the man who mistook his wife for a hat ( 1986 ) and awakenings ( 1973 ) , which was later made into a movie starring robert deniro and robin williams , and other works , is a gifted writer with a fine sense of story and an even finer sense of humanity . he has a style that is both affecting and fascinating , yet studiously objective , a style laced with footnotes and clinical observations , historical comparisons and wisdom . part of the power of these tales , and of all of sacks 's work , is his ability to be totally engaged and to identify with the subject while part of him is off to the side observing with scientific impartiality . this makes for a compelling read . if you 've never read sacks before , you are in for a very special treat . these tales are paradoxical because " defects , disorders , diseases " can bring out " latent powers , developments , evolutions , forms of life , that might never be seen or even be imaginable , in their absence . " it is this " ' creative ' potential , that forms the central theme of this book " ( from sacks 's preface , page xvi ) . the first tale , " the case of the colorblind painter " is about a successful artist who worked in color all his life only to became colorblind at age sixty-five , and the effect this had on his life and work . the second , " the last hippie " is about an amnesiac man with a frontal lobe tumor that left him stranded in the sixties . sacks tells this sad , pathetic story with vivid detail , and characteristically ends it with a footnote , a footnote of such warmth and genuine identification that we are moved to tears . ( do n't skip the footnotes ! ) the third tale , " a surgeon 's life , " is an amazing account of a canadian surgeon with tourette 's syndrome . it is here that we begin to see the central theme of this book in brilliant illumination . dr. carl bennett , riddled with the bizarre tics characteristic of the disorder , compulsions that cause him to throw things , to touch things again and again in a ritualistic manner , to flail , jump and jerk about , nonetheless became a very successful ( and beloved ) doctor of surgery . sacks scrubs up with dr. bennett and goes into surgery with him , during which , miraculously , the tics disappear for however long it takes to complete the surgery . sacks visits him at home and meets his wife and two children , sees the dents in the refrigerator and on the walls , and comes away with a sense of how astounding the human potential to overcome adversity can be . the fourth tale , " to see and not see , " is about partially restored sight and how it was not a blessing . this sad story illustrates how sight is learned from infancy and is largely a constructive and interpretive function of the brain . this tale also lets us see how the world of the sightless can be rich and fulfilling beyond our imagination . in the fifth tale , " the landscape of his dreams , we meet a gifted artist , franco magnani , who from memory alone recreates his home town of pontito , italy through his paintings . he has a nearly photographic , three-dimensional memory , but because of a strange illness that befell him when he was thirty-one , he cares only to re-create his pontito , not the people or events , but the houses , the masonry , the stones , and he does so continually with microscopic and affecting detail . the chapter " prodigies , " focuses on an autistic artist , stephen wiltshire , whom sacks is determined to befriend and understand . in this tale , and the concluding tale , " an anthropologist on mars , " sacks helps us to penetrate the world of the autistic and see it ( at least in my interpretation ) as an alternate view of reality , a view with its own strengths and weaknesses , a world that is just as true and valid as the " normal " one . of course severe autism is debilitating in the extreme , and even modest autism can permanently scar and alienate the autistic from society . yet , perhaps that is society 's loss . i even got the sense , in reading these concluding stories about autism , that perhaps theirs is an evolutionary " strategy " trying to emerge , that is , a different way of seeing and dealing with the world that also might work . i would not be shocked to discover some day that the autistic , with their sometimes extraordinary gifts of memory and concentration , are melded more completely and seamlessly into our usual consciousness , and that humankind is the better for it . incidentally , the last tale about temple grandin , who is a professor of animal studies at colorado state university , is remarkable because it is about an autistic who is completely integrated into the society , yet remains autistic . she is the one who says she sometimes feels , because of her different perspective , like " an anthropologist on mars " when she views " normal " people . sacks allows us to see why . bottom line : this is an extraordinary book of insight and scholarship about the human condition , written with grace and a deep sense of humanity , not to be missed 
books pos 601.txt this cookbook has become one of my favorites . i grew up in se texas , and once i moved away , no mexican food could compare . now i have the understanding on what differeintiates tex-mex and mexican food . the recipes are exact and delicious . i love the pictures , the stories and most of all the inspiration to cook my favorite meals ! its definately a book for any tex mex lover , i highly reccomend it . just try and sit and read it and not have your mouth water 
books pos 44.txt very topical . easy read . hope people in the know read this and give serious thought to the potential for something like this happening . gives good reason why border control should be taken more serious by everybody . looking forward to reading other books by mr. bell 
books pos 243.txt thirty years later and this classic remains a compelling read . this book has fueled a thousand others , setting the perspective for all those interested in the building blocks of life . it 's a genes-eye-view of where we came from and how we are motivated , a science and reason-based treatise that is compulsory reading for those of us intent on learning from and about our remarkable natural history . other books by dr. dawkins maybe an easier read but this is where it all started 
books pos 336.txt i believe that the purpose of this book is to break the bad habbits that every single christian had adoptded and the negative infuences we 've been absorving . i think that this book was made simple , so that it would be very easy to read , understand , use and remember the " be 's " . it does not anti with anything , it 's just conservative with what is believed to be true ! it 's inspiring that would help anyone who reads to envision grabbing your dreams and on how lucky we are to be in this generation with full of opportunities . every chapter gives wisdom why do we have to be ; grateful , smart , involve , clean , true , positive , humble , still and prayerful 
books pos 490.txt the sun shines , planets orbit , corporations lie voraciously , humans consume mindlessly and noam chomsky - the pre-eminent intellectual of the modern era - churns out knowledge , elucidates the times and refutes the notion that it is our manifest destiny to perpetually suffer indignity . in a wide-ranging series of question and answer sessions chomsky tackles a myriad of seemingly disparate topics , which ultimately pertain to and concern the economic and political system and the welfare of humanity . unlike books authored by chomsky himself which tackle specific topics understanding power - the indispensable chomsky is the transcript of sessions traversing a decade during which chomsky takes questions from the audience on a number of topics ranging from us foreign policy , imperialism , trade and the third world to propaganda , corporate media , solutions to the collective malaise and the march towards a more just system and society . expounding on his legendary encyclopaedic knowledge and command of logic , professor chomsky manages to offer the questioners , and by extension the readers , a radical approach distinct from the boilerplate and mind-numbing discussions of the corporate media . refuting the suitability of handling our problems by working within the system and nibbling at the edges chomsky offers an alternative to the broken system without resorting to the expected customary answers like a broken record . as thoughtful and brilliant as the discourse is , the book 's editors also deserve much praise not only for the compilation , but also for the easy to read format and the lively pace of the book . understanding power could easily have been entitled understanding the system and is a brilliant book based on the profound teachings of a brilliant thinker 
books pos 346.txt when i first discovered this book in a london bookshop , i decided at once that i needed to own it . it 's large , it 's bulky , but it 's beautiful . it needs the large pages to illustrate the finest examples of tom 's works . as an artist myself , who learnt a lot from tom 's unique techniques , i appreciate what a fantastic collection of art , both colour and black and white , has been compiled into this collection . but it 's not just pictures ; there 's an insight into the man himself , a delightful tribute to the master of homoerotic art. this volume is a great tribute to tom and a valuable tool for the new breed of erotic artists , like myself , waiting for recognition 
books pos 597.txt i am currently in psychology for the third time , ( due to it had been too long between college classess ) i think the book is informative and not too hard to read ( if you have too ! 
books pos 995.txt as someone who lived not far from brownsville in the 1950s and early ' 60s , i can say this is an exceptionally accurate book . it is well-written and is the best attempt i 've seen yet at explaining the phenomenon of the changing urban neighborhood . not only does pritchett provide many well-reserached , well-thought-out answers but , just as important , he raises insightful , penetrating questions . i highly recommend this book to anyone interested in american urban history , particularly as it relates to new york city 
books pos 248.txt this is a fabulous book with lots of great stories , information and strategies on being successful in corporate america . this is a must read for all corporate professionals especially those seeking to craft their own strategy for growth in corporate america ! ! ! ! 
books pos 673.txt as i began to read this book , i was reminded of jack dempsey 's observation that " champions get up when they can't . " all of us have encountered professional setbacks of one kind or another and some of them are especially difficult to overcome . most of the examples which jeffrey sonnenfeld and andrew ward cite in this book involve ceos who either " fired back " and eventually prevailed after a career setback ( e.g. donald trump , martha stewart , bernie marcus , jimmy carter , and george foreman ) or never fully recovered from them ( e.g. jill barad , john scully , leona helmsley , jacques nasser , and linda warnaco ) . the former demonstrate the importance of " seven lessons to turn tragedy into triumph " which sonnenfeld and ward recommend ; the latter demonstrate the probable consequences of failing to understand and then apply those lessons on which a five-step strategy - " for rescuing and restoring a career and reputation after a devastating professional setback " - - is based . it would be a disservice to sonnenfeld and ward as well as to those who read this brief commentary if i were to list the " lessons " and " steps " which are best revealed within the narrative of this remarkably thoughtful , eloquent , and practical book . each is anchored in a real-world context . each is relevant to anyone now embarked upon or preparing for a professional career . i mention this last point because some who consider purchasing this book may incorrectly assume that its material will be of greatest value only to senior-level executives . on the contrary , all of sonnenfeld and ward 's observations and recommendations can be of substantial benefit to anyone who wishes to ( a ) avoid " a devastating professional setback " or ( b ) recover from one . in essence , this book provides sonnenfeld and ward 's response to this question : " how can i overcome a professional setback ? " to their credit , at no time do they minimize or trivialize the impact of a professional setback . ( presumably each has experienced a few of his own . ) they fully appreciate the difficulty of overcoming the debilitating psychological stress of failure , the challenges of failure to one 's reputation ( both personal and professional ) , social biases about failure , and other challenges which may be unique to one 's company , its culture , and its industry . if not " tragic " or " devastating , " a setback almost always lowers one 's self-esteem , is embarrassing , and has adverse financial consequences . more often than not , there is collateral damage to one 's family members and / or to one 's close colleagues at work so guilt also comes into play . recall the dempsey quotation provided earlier . presumably sonnenfeld and ward agree with dempsey on the importance of courage and also with me that it is much easier to summon the courage to " get up " when you are convinced that the situation is not hopeless , and , that you can indeed recover if you understand what has happened , why it has happened , and how you can - and should - - respond to it . of course , it is preferable to avoid a setback in the first place . ( " if ` ifs ' and ` buts ' were fruits and nuts... . " ) most of us are not so fortunate and i , for one , have learned the most important lessons from failures ( mine and others ' ) rather than from successes . whether or not a given failure is our " fault , " it is certainly our responsibility to take full advantage of the learning opportunity it offers , and then to make positive and productive use of whatever truth has been revealed . it is interesting to examine the lives of " great leaders [who] rebound after career disasters " but , in my opinion , it is imperative to examine with rigor and candor one 's own values , attitudes , and behavior - especially when struggling to understand and then recover from a professional setback which is invariably a personal setback , also . as sonnenfeld and ward make crystal clear , this journey of personal discovery is by no means easy . nonetheless , it is one which must be initiated with commitment and then sustained by persistence throughout one 's life . if and when setbacks occur - and they always do - the practical advice which sonnenfeld and ward offer in this book will enable those who absorb and digest it to understand and ( yes ) accept what has happened , understand why it has happened , and then leverage that wisdom effectively and productively , not only in their careers but in their personal lives 
books pos 397.txt this was the first roberts novel i read . words cannot describe how much i enjoyed it . i 've read and / or listened to 50 since . you ca n't go wrong . her storys are original , her characters are strong and well developed . 
books pos 701.txt i would recommend this book for boys of all ages . i thought this book was a great book , and it was very descriptive 
books pos 345.txt after reading tuesday 's with morrie , i was curious to see how different morrie in his own words was from mitch albums tuesday's . after reading both , i preferred the lessons straight from the horses mouth . morrie ' 
books pos 253.txt there is a cure from your liberal disease . take a non-partisan journey with dr savage and open your so called liberal mind to the truth . and remember conservative and wacko are polar opposites 
books pos 62.txt i really had no faith before this book . not really sure what i should of beleived . but this book def changed my point of view and it is shocking ! eveything just seemed ot come together and to me it just makes complete sense and i feel that this book is entirely true . it would be great to see the world come together in world peace if they only knew the truth . i knew the government covered stuff up but i had no idea to the extent they would goto to keep their undreground society such a secret and ruthless and would stop at nothing . he does n't say it straight out but the way it is described protrays this secret rogue group to be the illumnati with unlimited funding to carry out their evil intentions . greatest book i ever rea 
books pos 641.txt when john grisham introduced us to bendini , lambert & locke , a memphis tax boutique controlled by the mafia , the idea of an in-house firm for the mob was hilarious . these days no one , least of all our hero scott finn , is particularly sure that organized crime does n't just control the firm , but also the governor 's office , the us attorneys office and the boston pd . finn , who worked and fought his way out of the streets of southie to the thick-pile carpets of boston 's brahmin legal establishment , finds himself back among the thugs and characters of the world he thought he left behind . when a fellow associate and friend with benefits is killed by a copycat killer seeking to emulate " little jack " who was terrorizing the city finn is drawn into the fray , where he acquits himself brilliantly while maintaining his place on the partnership track . finn even finds a new love interest in the cop who is trying , though not very hard , to put him away . and a childhood friend proves an invaluable ally as finn attempts to clear himself and clean up the city in the process . if it seems over the top , it is . but it is good fun too 
books pos 233.txt i loved this book . i really am into those old school ways for children and this is the book . i think we need to discipline this generation the way our parents did us . if your are a fan of dr. dobson you will like bates too . i feel everyone could benefit from this book especially our children 
books pos 500.txt although i 'm not new to wwii histories , the first world war is one of my favorite historical periods to read about and one of my favorite books from that war is alistar horne 's " the price of glory . " since i enjoyed reading about one if wwi 's most epic battles , i did not hesitate to read " stalingrad : the fateful siege " by antony beevor . in both works , comparisons are made between the battles of verdun and stalingrad and for good reasons . both battles were initiated by german forces that underestimated the tenacity of their enemy , the course of battle spun wildly beyond their commander 's control , and both battles cost a near unimaginable loss of life and human suffering . beevor is especially keen on the amount of human agony throughout the battle of stalingrad , which makes the book gutwrenching but at the same time the reader is unable to put it down . from the well-documented cold , lice , and hunger that haunted russian and german soldier alike , to the disease and desperation experienced by the sixth army as they were slowly strangled in zhukov 's trap , it seems that beevor has overlooked nothing . unlike many battle histories that may focus on stategy or political fallout of the conflict , the emphasis on human suffering and heroism in beevor 's work makes the reader sympathize for russians , germans , romanians , and anyone else unlucky enough to get caught in the battle . not only does beevor shed light on the plight of ordinary soldiers , he also examines the more famous players in the battle ; including a paranoid stalin , a dreaming hitler , a finger-pointing von manstein , and a indecisive paulus . indeed , the reader gains perspective from rastenburg and moscow all the way down the heirarchy to the frozen bunkers of stalingrad . overall , " stalingrad : the fateful siege " is an excellent book that is recommended for anyone interested in world war ii or just any hard-hitting military history 
books pos 686.txt my son loves to read , and he adores this book . i personally love trapani 's books- -while they are not always grammatically correct ( the only reason why i do n't give it a 5 star rating ) , they are beautifully illustrated and bring to life some of the most well-known nursery rhymes . it will bring a smile to your child 's face 
books pos 90.txt spend big bucks and hire the boston consulting group to help you with your strategy . . . and what do you get ? hardball answers that question indirectly through sharing classic strategies for achieving competitive and economic advantage employed by bcg clients . as a result , i think this book will be most appealing to mbas thinking about working for bcg and potential clients who want to get a sense of what the outcome might be like . for those who are well read in business strategy , this book will be a disappointment . it focuses on very little you have n't read or thought about many times before . skip this book if you are in this category . the strategies discussed include overwhelming competitors with superior resources ( frito-lay versus eagle snacks ) , adjusting to take advantage of what customers want more of ( more variety and better delivery from wausau papers ) , threatening competitors ' sources of profits ( japanese auto makers go after the big 3 's positions in minivans and suvs in north america ) , copy and improve on better business models ( batesville casket applies automotive manufacturing techniques ) , encourage your competitor to retreat ( attack the bottom of the market first in low margin categories and move up ) , refocus your business model on one set of advantages ( carmax ) , acquire others to build your strengths while making competitors more vulnerable ( masonite international ) , and change the nature of competition ( get to low-cost sourcing earlier than competitors , secure low-cost assets sooner and play the wal-mart card carefully ) . the overall metaphor for the book has its problems . if you play to win , you are playing hardball . al dunlap ( author of mean business ) was a hardball guy , but it did n't pay off at sunbeam . if i read past the words in the book , the concept they authors are advancing is one of being unrelenting in developing a strategy that creates a virtuous cycle of ever-expanding resources and advantages while creating a vicious cycle for competitors of ever-decreasing resources and advantages . " keep ' em down " would have been a more accurate title for the book . you will find scant information in the book about newer types of strategies , new forms of technology and new business paradigms . this book is about " rock ' em , sock ' em " competition among the industrial giants of the world . i worked as a consultant and later as a project manager at bcg in the early 1970s , and i was struck that the kinds of strategies and clients described here have changed almost not at all since then . i do think hardball better captures the classic bcg approach used in the early 1970s than any other book i have read published by the firm or its professional staff . bruce henderson would be proud of you ! from my perspective , i graded the book down for slight inaccuracies in places such as underplaying the legal risks in these strategies ( the authors seem to think scaring off competitors with " signaling " is pretty risk-free ) , misstating some of the cases ( did gm really crush ford 's ability to get investment grade bonds by pushing for zero percent financing ? - - it looks more like mutual suicide to me ) , and praising more than was due in some cases ( the japanese car companies were very late to come into north america with minivans and suvs ) . i also thought the metaphor got in the way of the message . . . rather than enhancing it . 
books pos 920.txt this book has come in handy several times . it is especially useful for writing informed consents , and for creating many of the documents you do n't realize you need until it is too late 
books pos 936.txt my two boys , ages 3 and 2 , both pull this book off the shelf over and over . i use it to teach the younger one new vocabulary ( both in english and spanish ) and the older one to continue to practice his numbers ( also in both languages ) , as well as colors . it 's a great addition to the workbook flip flop spanish , and also just for fun. . , my littlest , a one-year-old girl , even looks at the pages and will sit with the boys to watch them . they 're sturdy pages , full of all kinds of things . the kind of book you find something new each time you open it . it has little lists to find items as well . 
books pos 896.txt the brilliant theory of general theory of relativity authored by great mind albert eintein , is truely magnificient 
books pos 442.txt if you know love , you know god . if you do n't - read hafiz , and you will be on a good path to know both 
books pos 505.txt this book has a wealth of information for any practitioner of yoga , from beginner to advanced . the content is concise and practical , and the poses are sequenced in a way that allows for a gradual and safe progression in the practice . there are also dozens of practice sequences given for both improvement and how to treat common ailments through yoga . the introduction is especially valuable , as it offers a no fluff in-depth commentary on the philosophical thought behind the asana practice . i pick it up again and again and am still referring to it after nearly 15 years of owing it . my copy is dog eared and loved , and was well worth every penny . an earlier reviewer mentioned that the photos and layout were not user friendly , and only gave the book two stars , which is a shame . this book was first printed in the mid 1960 's - over 40 years ago ! it was the first yoga book of it 's kind to ever be printed , and it 's content is timeless and as relevant today as ever . mr. iyengar even had to struggle with his then publisher to be allowed to include so many photos , as it was so expensive in those days to print such a book . i say hats off to the man who brought yoga to the west long before it was ready . he 's a pioneer and a virtuoso of his craft , and his marvelous work should never be over overlooked just because it does n't come in some glossy package fit for the masses 
books pos 103.txt immediately upon starting dickens ' " our mutual friend , " i was struck by parallels with dumas ' " the count of monte cristo . " both big novels revolve around a powerful character who conceals his identity in a complicated plot to obtain social justice . the count deals with the darker theme of revenge . our mutual friend is an exploration of the corrupting influence of wealth . the novel is lively throughout , as dickens displays his tremendous diversity of writing talents . the tone ranges from heavily ironic criticism of upper-class politics and antisemitism , to delicate romance , to witty visual humor . the characterizations are highly original ; even those at the extremes of vice and virtue display engaging ideosyncracies . most impressive to me was the consistency of dickens ' plot . our mutual friend was written and published in installments , as was the count of monte cristo . but dickens keeps his story on track throughout , never dropping a character , while dumas ' tale is full of gaps and inconsistencies 
books pos 15.txt while i am only a high school sophmore , and i do n't have a *real* job , this book has been very helpful in deciding what to shoot for doing . i 've heard people call this book too vague , but they ca n't tell you exactly what to do ; it does n't work that way . once you get through the personality quiz portion , the author gives a somewhat detailed description of your specific personality type ( i for example am and enfp ) and throws in suggestions in the description and also give a modest list of other possibilities . i 'll admit it was a bit vauger than i had hoped but it gives you plenty of room to move around and a great place to start . i 'm lucky i found this book when i did ( and not 3-4 years into college ) because i found some satisfying career options that i would not normally have chosen for myself and they are on the opposite end of the spectrum from what i was previously considering . ( looking at this run-on sentence , you will be relieved to know that none of my choices are to be an english teacher ) overall , this was a good book . there was a lot of filler describing the different personality characteristics that i found redundant only because i have gone over this in school a couple times . however , if you are unfamiliar with this territory , the explanations will be quite helpful 
books pos 733.txt what do you do when the world is coming to an end right before your very eyes , but no one seems to believe you ? that is the concept facing dr. thomas more , distant relation to the famous / infamous saint thomas more , in walker percy 's novel " love in the ruins " . the united states is at a time of crisis , but few seem to understand the implications of the events unfolding around them . it is up to dr. more , who knows how to diagnose the problem , but not necessarily treat it , to try to prevent the chaos from happening . the story begins on a hot fourth of july , with doc staking out the abandoned howard johnsons motel in town . in three separate rooms he has cocooned his three paramours and he is waiting for an event that he knows is going to happen ; an event that could very possibly bring about the end of the world . the novel then shifts back in time to the three previous days , tracing doc 's journey that led him to seek refuge at the motel . the reader learns that he has created a ontological lapsometer , a sort of " stethoscope of the human spirit " , through which he can diagnose exactly what ails a person 's soul , and finally discovers how to treat it . meanwhile , there is a revolution brewing ; the bantus and love children are ready to take over what the white man has destroyed , if a major catastrophe does n't befall everyone before that can happen . " love in the ruins " is a truly southern novel , crafted through percy 's intelligence and tempered with the same absurdity that is a trademark of great southern writers such as percy and flannery o'connor . the reader must suspend disbelief as to the events unfolding , even though they are frighteningly realistic , and not so far-fetched in this present day . percy 's hero doc more is an antihero on par with those of hemingway ; flawed , prone to drink , forever chasing after women who are wrong for him . this novel is his coming-of-age , in a sense , because doc learns what it is he wants out of life , and how to best achieve that . subtitled " the adventures of a bad catholic at a time near the end of the world " , " love in the ruins " is a deliciously funny and poignant look at a near-apocalyptic america 
books pos 266.txt this book is simply incredible . a more stimulating book i could n't imagine ! it 's not that it told me so much i did n't know intuitively , but seeing it written so distinctly in black and white really hit home . this is one to read if you really want to get a sense of just how dramatically the world has changed . neal gabler , tells it like he sees it and has a lot of research to back up his views . i love that he does n't make judgements or try to press an opinion on the reader . it 's left up to you to decide how you feel about it all . i find myself thinking of points he brought up throught the day and seeing just what he meant by experiencing it in & quot ; real&quot ; life . the only reason i did n't give it a 5 is because i wish it was a bit more in-depth . it 's so engaging that i can imagine an entire college course being made from this book . it is a book that 's as entertaining as it is informative , and that 's the whole point 
books pos 49.txt very detailed information about hypothyroidism , can help anyone with a low basal temperature . if you think you are hypo and your doctors wo n't help you read this book and you will find a doctor who will help you . lots of knowledge about this condition . must read 
books pos 143.txt the book is really thorough when it comes to showing how to do proper lifting techniques with the kettlebell in different variations.it 's great for a beginner who is starting out . 
books pos 554.txt this is the best book . i was writing a book about my son who has si dysfunction . he is 23 years old now . i was in barnes and noble looking for another book when i found this . i was blown away . i never knew there was a book like this . i could have really used this book when marcus was little . it is so wonderful . i opened it and started reading about my son . my book is called what 's wrong with my child ? struggling with sensory integration dysfunction . it is only a mother 's story of how my child coped with this thing . it is not meant to be a book like carol stock kranowitz's . her book is wonderful . anyone who has any questions about their child who has si dysfunction . this book is it . shelly r . wilso 
books pos 724.txt i did a course on quantum theory in the 1970s with john ward who was recommended for the nobel prize in 1965 ( feynman , schwinger and tomogana shared it ) . those close to the action will know of ward 's identity . john ( died in 2002 from memory ) used feynman 's lectures as his course notes . i must confess a soft spot for feynman . i would have loved to have been in his lectures ( buy his audio tapes and you will get the feel for his delivery ) . he was truly a great physics communicator and often understated his mathematical abilities ( after all he had won the putnam prize at some stage so he was no mathematical slouch ) . his development of qed is simple to understand and that says it all about his genius . he took the view that if he could n't give a simple explanation then he really did n't understand the topic . the current crop of tool polishers should heed this . anyone who is really serious about physics ( and maths ) should read the original papers and this is a classic example . i suggest that you fill in the gaps in the derivations . if you ca n't do that then you have n't really understood it . it is fascinating to compare feynman 's approach with schwinger 's more abstract approach . i prefer feynman 's but schwinger does a hugely impressive job in stripping qed down to its logical ( almost truth functional ) essentials . buy this book and see how a first class mind works . peter haggstrom bondi beach australia 
books pos 42.txt ever since starting on the simple abundance journey with sarah ban breathnach 's first book , i have longed for an opportunity to learn one-on-one from the queen of simplicity and authenticity . we may not be able to meet sarah face-to-face , but now anyone can enjoy a workshop atmosphere in the comfort of her own home . women caught up in the day-to-day deluge of deadlines , appointments , and commitments can now curl up with a pillow and excavate their authentic self . i highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to savor their life instead of living in a blur 
books pos 877.txt the handbook of tibetan buddhist symbols by robert beer ( who has studied and practice tibetan thanga painting for more than thirty years ) is a straightforward reference guide to the meaningful symbolism of sacred tibetan art . black-and-white illustrations depict all the major buddhist symbols and motifs , while the text offers depth and interpretation behind the meaning and usage of each . the handbook of tibetan buddhist symbols is enthusiastically recommended for inclusion into buddhist studies and especially informative for connoisseurs of tibetan art 
books pos 555.txt i love this book ! it is a terrific blend of hand-holding and concrete advice for writers . each chapter takes the writer / reader through the tough questions we face when we sit down to write : how do we begin ? where do ideas come from ? is there a ritual we can create that will help us begin ? i like the fact that i could use this book as a resource . in other words , i did not have to read it cover to cover . rather , it truly serves as a guide , a mentor 's guide , that can serve me as i continue to write . i really liked the movie section , where cathleen rountree uses movies to make points about the writing process . i found those sections inspirational and useful . if you want to be a writer or if you are already writing , i urge you to buy this book 
books pos 929.txt this is a great , funny book . it may be my favorite jeeves & wooster story 
books pos 317.txt know when you can start consulting as a sustainable business . receive a reasonable fee for your services . be prepared for the pitfalls of operating your own business . hear about success stories and business strategies from practicing computer consultants . learn about starting your consulting business , marketing , contracts , client relationships , and income producing consulting activities . this book is practical and realistic . the author has a negative opinion of big 5 accounting firms 
books pos 722.txt as teachers , we all get frustrated with the limited technology in our schools . we have the equipment , but it is n't adequate for all of us to use . larry cuban explores this problem in great detail , offering an explanation as to why the billions of dollars spent across the nation on computers is n't improving academic performances . he also offers solutions as to what the nation needs to do to remedy this situation . a very thought provoking piece ! if only our politicians would read it 
books pos 556.txt this will be a present for my nephew george 's 37th birthday . he loved curious george as a child , and still does . it 's wonderful how someone carries a love for a childhood toy , book , etc. throughout their life . such an individual eternally has a special spot in their heart kudos to amazon for providing the book for $5.00 under market price . 
books pos 838.txt angela davis stands in my perspective as one of the most accomplished women of the postmodern era . this autobiography draws from her childhood to her young adulthood . her account of prison life offers an unsentimental analysis of the sexual habits of women in prison . one factor that prevents me from giving this memoir a 5-star is her abandonment of her personal life as a woman . she focuses entirely on the black power movement . in closing , this memoir can offer women the strength to fight injustice but encouraging them to first empower themselves 
books pos 461.txt i love this book- -it 's beautiful . this book is a delightful romp through the farmyard , with goose leading the way across the pages as she chases a butterfly , causing the ruckus with all the animals . the abstract artwork truly appeals to adults and , therefore , may be too difficult for very young children to comprehend : the pigs in the muck , the kittens in the hayloft , the pigeons in the rafters all might be a little tough for a baby to distinguish . but a parent rereading the book several times in a row will appreciate seeing fleming 's gorgeous art each time . my nine-month-old son reacts to the colors with glee and my imitations of the animals with laughter- -this is definitely one of his favorites . i highly recommend this book 
books pos 7.txt i have been studing leadership for over 15 years both by reading and experience . i consider this book to be the best book i have read because it describes leadership as a learned activity . it also says that leadership is in motivating people to do their own work in solving difficult problems . i found that as president of my congregation i was continually going back to the concepts in the book to lead it through a very difficult situation involving placement of the flags in the sanctuary . it was very difficult to get people to do their own work and not try to step in to solve everything . ( that would have been impossible anyway ) i found that he described president lyndon johnson as a successful leader ( civil rights ) and unsuccessful leader ( vietnam ) . his discussion on leading without authority is new ground for me . if you want to discuss the book with others there is an on-line book study at the work and worship institute website . i found it was a good way for me to get more from the book . this is a great book with great stories of a variety of leaders in our society . 
books pos 250.txt it 's fascinating to compare my own experiences , having lived now 3 years in germany , to those of an american from 125 years earlier . i 've been learning to speak german , and his appendix on the " awful " german language was hilarious . in poking fun at german grammar ( e.g. , long sentences ) , he purposely commits the same errors in his own writing . the scene " riding " the glacier down the alps was so funny i had tears running down my face . it 's amazing to think that it was written in 1879 , when america was barely a century old , and the insights and perceptions then can be incredibly , eerily similar to either my or " typical " american 's attitudes today . i 'd recommend it to anyone , but particularly to anyone visiting or living in europe . it 's way funnier than his " innocents abroad " , which is also a good read on travel in europe 
books pos 952.txt it is almost like dream comes true when i saw the revised , new second edition out at the bookstore . the imrpoved edition not only has amended the errors or typo in its predecessor , but has graciously added new / updated materials in synthesis . you may see it as an equivalent to jerry march 's advanced organic chemistry but a whole different approach . the sections on oxidations , reductions , and organoboranes are excellent . since organic synthesis is a broad and infinitely growing field , not a single book covers all the principles and gadgets of organic chemistry . use it as an encyclopedia or along with popular title like nicholaou 's classics in total synthesis in order to enjoy the wonders of organic chemistry 
books pos 669.txt this is a wonderful story that can be shared with any age group . it 's about a young asian girl who comes to america and refuses to write her english name . beautiful story that teaches a lesson at the end . the pictures are spectacular and very intricate . i love this book 
books pos 668.txt luc ferry raises some very important and pressing questions about the implied praxis behind deep ecology . does the vision of society espoused by deep ecology depend on an authoritarian social structure ? does deep ecology demand a level of political correctness which places its premises beyond question ? ferry is not the first to raise these questions . the institute for social ecology , led by murray bookchin , has made the critique of deep ecology its bread and butter . of course , there are plenty of ideologues within radical ecology , but they do not make up the whole story . particularly glaring is ferry 's one-sided depiction of eco-feminism . in fact , some eco-feminist work in the u.s. has been particularly sharp at questioning the orthodoxies of both radical ecology and feminism . the questions which occupy ferry should be asked by every person who is involved in radical ecology , and many of his criticisms are on-target for a specific body of work . but he does n't bother to see the whole picture , and readers should be careful to read beyond the quotes cited by ferry and to study deep ecology and ecofeminism on their own terms 
books pos 548.txt as a long time admirer of art and a first time beginner of actually tapping my artistic well , this text is like having a private mentor guiding you through specific progressive exercises . it 's language is quaint and cozy to modern ears , having first been written in 1856. but it is practical , clear and encouraging . it dispells the idea that only certain people can draw . and by focussing on drawing with pencil , it provides the foundation for using any other media . a wonderful find 
books pos 77.txt this book is a very good study into what happen to the lost ten tribes of israel . mr. capt did a great job in back tracking by using the clay tablets that were found in assyria which list the tribes by the name which was used by the assyrians which is called the house of omri . this book is very in depth and very informative . i also noticed a person left one star because mr. capt did say anything about the jews . of course the jew 's would n't be metioned they were n't taken into exile until 586 bce , and that was by babylonia and not assyria . when reading about the ten tribes people need to know that the ten tribes were not jews . over all i give five stars and it is a must have for a historian or an avid bible reader intrested in research 
books pos 793.txt [...] if you are curious about the cambridge patonists , patrides carefully edited selection of texts gives you the cream of the crop ! - benjamin whichcote , ralph cudworth , john smith , henry more et al . - material reprinted from the original texts , complete with all the archaic but fascinating english spellings . the texts are fully annotated with comparisons and references to a wide range of cognate works . if you are reading the cambridge platonists as part of an academic exercise or are otherwise familiar with their milieu , well and good . you will know what to expect . i think it is worth saying something here - for the general reader . i am sufficiently ' unmodern ' ( or perhaps ' un-postmodernist ' ) to read the cambridge platonists because i think they still have something valuable to say ! not everyone would agree with me - but , i think the portrait of benjamin whichcote which graces the cover of this book ( and the frontispiece ) says something about the sort of men we are dealing with . ( the portrait still hangs in the gallery at emmanuel college , cambridge ) . there is composure in that expression . it seems to infuse the whole being of the man . it is the expression of a mind which has found calm waters , seen eternal verities . one of the papers in this book - ralph cudworth 's , was preached as a sermon before the house of commons ( i.e. the british parliament ) . things are different with us today . we are no longer certain of eternal verities . it seems almost incomprehensible - now , to think that when the cambridge platonists were expounding their ideas in the 17th c . , they were touching on matters of concern to most thinking people . religion and science had not yet parted company ( despite being called a ' father of modern science ' in school books , issac newton was a deeply religious man , very much in tune with the ideas of the cambridge platonists ) . the great beauty of the cambridge platonists , is their calm confidence , their utter conviction that there are eternal verities , that reason and faith are complementary faculties . thus , on the one hand , they looked back to the philosophers of antiquity ( strictly speaking , they are neo-platonists , taking in everything between plato , plotinus , ficino / renaissance thought , even hermeticism ) - and the legacy of christianity , while on the other hand - they were alive to the emerging ' scientific ' spirit , the renewed quest to understand the principles ordering the phenomenal universe . for them , there was an intelligent - and intelligible order in the universe . for them , reason ( capital r ) still had its pre-kantian , classical sweep . ' reason ' was not a mere idea in the head , an itching in the cranium , but presupposed the divine nous ( intellect ) , intimately connected with the activity of a divine energy ( energeia ) informing the pattern of the universe . we find them preaching against false religious ' enthusiasm ' - as soundly as they preached against atheism . " good men spiritualise their bodies ; bad men do incarnate their souls . " " we are no more than second causes ; and our suffiency is only in god , who is the first . a second cause is no cause , divided from the first . " - benjamin whichcote . 
books pos 636.txt the man of her dreams the woman of his ! is a book that is critically necessary today in light of our divorce culture . sadly , it equally affects christians the sames as non-christians . joel pulls no punches in assigning the blame to men 's arrogance and poor exploitive biblical exegesis . the back and forth style communicates the same cooperation and give and take necessary for successful marriages . this book is must read for the engaged , newlyweds , and those struggling to stay together . all cliches aside , this is a must read . rodrick burton author , the moral state of black america 
books pos 348.txt eoghan casey 's text is immediately useful . it 's not theory , it 's practical . it 's not biased to one operating system , but covers several technologies . finally , eoghan and the book 's contributors do not gloss over today 's most offensive topics , they address them with vigor and solutions . i would share one concern : the chapter-long product / vendor discussion . some reviewers label it marketing ; other reviewers do n't mention it at all . i 'll just forewarn you that you will learn much more about encase or nfr than about their competitors . as a security consultant for hewlett-packard , it seems my bookshelf fills up entirely too easily , especially as of the last few years . therefore , i 've gotten fairly selective with new book purchases ( until i can get a new bookshelf ) . however , casey 's text is definitely worth getting - worth knocking another book off to make room . : ) i hope you enjoy this comprehensive text at least half as much as i do 
books pos 576.txt according to charles kimball , religion is the most powerful and pervasive force on earth . religion inspires humans to transcend their self-interests , while at the same time , more evil has been committed in the name of religion than any other human institution . using a comparative religious approach , kimball uncovers five warning signs that increase the likelihood of a religion becoming unhealthy or evil . kimball argues the word ` religion ' is amorphous and difficult to define . as a result , the author believes a comparative religious methodology is necessary , one that sees the similarities and interconnectedness of all religions . kimball , next , asks if religion is the cause of evil , and he answers both yes and no . a religion that is arrogant , condescending , and requires adherents to " disconnect their brain " is problematic . on the other hand , religion opens up humanity to a universe of purpose and beauty and teaches how to live meaningful and moral lives as individuals and in community . kimball seeks to discover the signs that increase the likelihood of religion becoming evil . the first warning sign that religion is displaying tendencies towards evil is the belief and adherence to absolute truth claims . when conceptualizations of god are held with certainty and rigid doctrine , the propensity towards evil increases dramatically . sacred texts , sources of wisdom and guidance , become abused when selective readings of the text are used to reinforce these absolute truth claims . christianity and islam have missionary mandates , but these become imperialistic when conversion is forced because of absolute truth claims . kimball argues for a " human view of truth " , one that is dynamic and relational , allowing adherents to affirm truth without solidifying truth claims into absolute propositions . another pivotal point when religion becomes evil is blind obedience : when adherents abdicate personal responsibility to religious authorities . when a charismatic leader demands total obedience , has unrestricted power , and has total control , religion is unhealthy . uncritical acceptance of doctrine is also unhealthy , as authentic religion encourages questions and reflection . strict segregation from the larger society , combined with a leader with unlimited power is dangerous . kimball asserts that religious inquiry and freedom of thought are necessary for responsible religious adherence . every religious tradition believes that something is awry on earth , while some believe that an ideal time will arrive in the future . when adherents believe they can speak for god and wish to usher in this time , the likelihood for disaster increases . many muslims embrace the hope for an all islamic society , zealous jewish settlers dream of a time when israel will be returned to its divinely promised status , and the christian religious right believe that america should be politically structured with christian principles in mind . kimball opines those who narrowly define temporal structures of the state and those who believe they are god 's agents to usher in a theocracy are dangerous . religion also becomes a force for evil when the ends justify any means : when one theological component gets elevated , thus becoming an end , and adherents become consumed with achieving or protecting this end . all religions have notions of sacred space , but an unhealthy religion becomes obsessed with protecting this space . reinforcing or protecting group identity against an ` other ' , or protecting group identity from within the group , are also potentially dangerous signs . institutional structures develop in all religious traditions , but corruption occurs when the protection of the institution becomes the end . kimball asserts that a healthy religion preserves the connection between means and ends . the last warning sign occurs when religious leaders believe their struggle is a " holy " war . kimball outlines the history of pacifism to the just war theory and crusader ideals within christianity , and he shows how each of these views were represented in the gulf war of 1990-91. islam is a peaceful religion , which asks adherents to build a just and peaceful social order . the word jihad means " struggling in the way of god , " but in a narrower sense jihad is understood as a struggle in a military sense - with rules similar to the christian just war theory . because of socio-economic disparities , some muslims openly advocate violent means to achieve revolutionary ends , and some leaders declare this revolution as a holy war in order to legitimize their cause . kimball believes both that christian and muslim adherents should not speak of war but of peace and that the call for holy war is not holy . with the knowledge of when religion becomes evil , religions have a clear understanding of healthy praxis . faith , hope , and love should be the guiding spiritual compass for all religious adherents , so that in times of conflict unhealthy religious mechanisms can be averted . against secularism , kimball finds validity in religious traditions because of the time-tested wisdom and ethical standards , and he believes that religions should embrace religious diversity . with religious diversity christians have three options , exclusivism , inclusivism , and pluralism , but kimball believes each position has value if adherents from different faiths work together for the common good of humanity . finally , the middle east represents a microcosm for the world community : if peaceable solutions are not found in the arab-israeli-palestinian conflict , then the future for the world community and world religions are bleak 
books pos 616.txt i recently re-read antony and cleopatra prior to attending the colorado shakespeare festival 's performance of the ambitious play under the summer stars here in boulder . drawn from sir thomas north 's 1579 english version of plutarch 's lives , william shakespeare ( 1552-1616 ) produced this romantic tragedy late in his career , around 1607 , and published it in the first folio in 1623. it tells the story of a doomed romance between two charismatic lovers , roman military leader , marc antony , and the captivating queen of egypt ( and former mistress of julius caesar ) , cleopatra . when his wife , fulvia unexpectedly dies , antony is summoned from egypt to rome to mend a political rift with octavius by marrying his recently widowed sister , octavia . of course , this news enrages passionate cleopatra . she vents her anger on the messenger , but is quick to realize that octavia is no real rival to her when it comes to beauty . however , antony soon follows his heart back to cleopatra 's arms , abandoning his new wife in athens . this leads to war , when octavius declares war on egypt . after octavius eventually defeats antony at alexandria , cleopatra sends a false report of her suicide , which prompts antony to wound himself mortally . antony dies in his lover 's arms , and rather than submit to roman rule under the new caesar ( octavius ) , the heart-broken cleopatra asks to have a poisonous snake delivered to her in a basket of figs . in the end , antony and cleopatra is as much about new sparks re-igniting the flames of love as new political forces supplanting old political regimes . it is a play that reminds me that it is perhaps better to re-read and understand shakespeare than to devour one bestseller after the next . g . merritt 
books pos 937.txt i discovered this in an airport bookshop and it is a great read on a flight . i takes some of the most insightful trend study and boils it down so that anybody can get their arms around why design is the most important factor in your business today . yes any bussiness . this is my hyperbole tom is much better at stating the case . but when a management guru like tom puts out a visualy interesting as well as well thought out book like this it is time to take notice . read and use or be left in the dust 
books pos 602.txt this massive volume encloses most of the major theorists in criticsm and theory , this book is essential reading for literary theorists and those people who are interested in reading the original texts of the greatest thinkers in history 
books pos 844.txt . . .maybe believe your suspenders , i 'm not sure which . it seems to me that to enjoy this book , you have to suspend your suspicion of bombast and improbability . you also have to give up any qualms you might have about a protagonist who 's pretty much a pedophile and whose connection to planet earth seems pretty improbable . what you get in return are some amazing language , some great observations and a character whose zenny zest is intense but not cartoonish . much too cerebral to ever be made into a movie by any director alive now , this is a book to be enjoyed as a pure artifact of whacked-out , but craftsman-like writing 
books pos 696.txt a fresh taste of italy is a marvelous resource for an array of recipes ; terminology ; history ; and sources of ingredients . the author paints a glamourous picture of the great diversity that exists in italian cuisine . if you purchase only one italian cookbook...this is the one to get 
books pos 487.txt a very good , very quick military history overview - hits all the main points without belaboring any , gives the reader a good list of authors to look at after finishing howard 
books pos 963.txt pojman does a superb job of illustrating many different approaches to ethics , providing examples of practical application of each . this helps the reader develop a critical mind , capable of reasoning his or her way through ethical dilemmas that we all face on a daily basis . pojman is not afraid to go for the jugular on approaches in which he finds serious flaws , such as cultural and ethical relativism . the reader will find that pojman does not adhere to one ethical theory in particular , but rather calls for reason and judgment , based on strong moral principles , in every situation . some situtations call for a utilitarian approach , some for a virtue-ethical approach . whatever approach he takes , however , will be based in thorough and sound reasoning . this book makes its readers want to be better people . 
books pos 721.txt finally a book to deal with all those nasty pathetic ignorant people . i bought this book as i wanted a way to get even with morons i deal with day in & day out . this book has been a godesend to me . all i can say is thankyou robert m bramson for wrting this book . everybody who deals with people should buy this book . excellent for office workers customer services and whoever thinks they need it . buy it 
books pos 792.txt i once read an article in horn book magazine ( a review source of titles and articles on children 's literature ) that lamented the millions of poor translations of hans christian andersen polluting the minds of our young people today . the review mentioned that stories like , " the snow queen " , which were originally written in a snappy vernacular , have been dumbed down and drained of all energy by their american translators . with this idea fresh in my mind i found myself in possession of a very particular copy of " the snow queen " and i was able to test this theory myself . now due to the wacky nature of amazon.com , the website has lumped together the reviews of every single version of this anderson story . you will see that some of the reviews refer to nilesh mistry 's , some refer to the audio book , some to eileen kernaghan 's , and some ( god help us all ) to mary engelbreit . none of these , however , are the version that i am reviewing . after careful consideration , i selected the edition retold by amy ehrlich and illustrated by susan jeffers . the ehrlich / jeffers team has banded together to bring us every fairy tale from thumbelina to cinderella . with this 1982 classic edition , they bring all the creepy and crawly elements of andersen 's riveting tale to a kind of tame middlebrow life . most people do n't remember that " the snow queen " begins when the devil creates a mirror that reflects everything good as bad . by a quirk of fate the mirror is smashed one day ( the details of this accident are left unclear ) and the tiny pieces go spinning into the atmosphere . if these splinters enter your eye , everything will look ugly to you . if they enter your heart , it will turn instantly to ice . got it ? good . cause sure enough , two small pieces enter the eye and the heart of a boy named kai . when this happens he stops playing with his best playmate gerta and instead falls under the seductive spell of the mysterious and magnificently pale snow queen . gerta goes in search of her friend but is waylaid by a variety of different adventures . she escapes an overly loving old witch , is taken in by a prince and princess , falls into the power of a thief girl and her kin , and at last saves kai from the snow queen herself . by the end of the book , neither kid is a child any longer and their home is just as they left it . obviously " the snow queen " is one big ole story about growing up . the idea of the devil 's mirror causing someone to despise anything they see and grow a suddenly cold heart.. . well that 's just another way of describing adolescence , is it not ? andersen obviously borrowed quite a lot from that classic old tale , " east of the sun , west of the moon " , in which another girl goes off to save the man she loves from the machinations of a wicked woman . heck , " tam lin " was probably an influence as well . the best version of this particular story i ever read was by kara dalkey . it was a tale named , " the lady of the ice garden " and can be found in " firebirds : an anthology of original science fiction and fantasy " . it is not , however , appropriate for children . kids today will probably look at " the snow queen " and instantly think of the white witch from " the lion , the witch , and the wardrobe " . i cannot think , however , that this is a bad thing . as for the jeffers / ehrlich version , it 's all right . as an illustrator , jeffers has apparently decided to make kai and gerta definitely children . i guess that lowers the creepiness factor when the snow queen lures the boy to her sleigh and wraps him in her furs . jeffers really captures beautifully every diamond in the snow queen 's dress and every strand of her white white hair . there is the odd stylistic choice here and there , though . when gerta surprises the prince and princess in their bed , it is not your typical mattress affair but rather large his and her flower petals . i ca n't think that they 're comfortable ( or even particularly practical ) . the illustrations have been created , according to the book , " using a fine-line pen with ink and dyes . they were applied over a detailed pencil drawing that was then erased " . as a result , the book is as soft as a colored pencil , but with a level of detail and intricacy normally associated with pen and ink . obviously i do n't know enough about the original version of " the snow queen " ( or , as andersen called it , " sneedronningen " ) to know whether or not this book is a worthy version to read to your tots . at any rate , it tells the full story , warts and all , and will provide them with what may well be the most freudian-toned fairy tale ever to grace their little brains . a fun edition of a rather odd tale 
books pos 31.txt because the ideas and strategies really work ! robert allen gives more concrete information , real meat if you will in one chapter than these other so called financial authors do in an entire book . i used the ideas from robert allen to buy my first home , nothing down 5 years ago and the value of my home has escalated but...the return on my investment on a nothing down deal is infinite ! hey...if you do n't like robert allen , you can always read jane bryant quinn and lose money with her advice . i was talking to a guy the other day in a book store who said he lost over 75% of his 401 ( k ) money following quinn 's " safe " advice . or...you can read those tabloid websites which are around only to attract the naive and also are out to sell you their generic junk most of which is plagerized robert allen ideas 
books pos 655.txt walk two moons sharon creech joan gray mrs. cooper in this heart - touching , heart-warming story about sal and her past comes together binding wonderful stories of her and her best friend , phoebe . her grandparents take her on a road trip . along the way , she describes her happy , sad , and beautiful stories . touching you heart one story at a time . i loved this book . it was not only a good , but also a great book because , it teaches life lessons , and it 's sad in many ways , at the same time beautiful . this book teaches you that life is there , you have time . it also teaches not to judge ` a man until you 've walked two moons in his moccasins' . and to not let sad things effect you , and so much more ! i love this book so much . if you 're fifth grade or older , no matter what it will touch your heart . i would suggest it any day . it will be a page-turner from beginning to end . you 'll never put it down . so pick it up and start reading it ! 
books pos 903.txt after devouring this book , i immediately passed it to a client who is developing a speaking business . lenny 's book is full of real-life examples and practical tips for communicating clearly and powerfully . whether you want to speak professionally or just communicate better in your day-to-day life , this is the book for you 
books pos 894.txt as someone who was arrested amd jailed and deported from japan due to a fear of flying phobia that the japanese government refused or could not comprehend , i find dupont 's book an important addition to helping the public understand and deal with such phobias . i still do n't like to fly , even after my 1983 accident , but dupont 's book helped me better understand my condition . a very important book . i hope it finds a japanese publisher , too 
books pos 202.txt paul johnson has written a 1 , 000-page book about various and sundry aspects of the years 1815-1830 , years in which he rightly claims to find the origins of many aspects of the world as we know it today . johnson 's chosen foci are certainly broad : he ranges from events in politics and law to music , science , and even opium use . while almost every page is loaded with fascinating morsels of information that will certainly come in handy when you want to impress people at your next social function , johnson 's roving eye and pen can be disconcerting : he tends to shift topics very quickly and without warning . also , while the book claims to be about " world society , " johnson spends the largest part of his time talking about british society - - but he 's found plenty of ways to range geographically from the " western " united states ( like kentucky ) to china and singapore . throughout , his prose is generally crisp and pleasant to read . overall , johnson has given us what might be the ultimate in bedtime reading : a vast book that one can pick up , open nearly at random , and learn something interesting about the past but which retains significance today 
books pos 48.txt from the beginning of ruby 's story , through all the footnotes of life , to the burying of bunty...we live four generations of the lennox family . this is not your average family , people disappear , mothers leave families , children die in mysterious ways . for me the best of all the little stories , is ruby getting ready to be born . atkinsons description of being literally in the womb is priceless . two themes seem to pervade this book...poor marriages to drunks and pregnancy out of wedlock . in the end , ruby learns the greatest lesson of all the women in this book...you ca n't run away from yourself . 
books pos 129.txt if it was n't hard , everyone would do it . hard 's what makes it great . " manager jimmy duggan ( tom hanks ) , of the rockrod peaches to his all-world catcher dottie hinson ( geena davis ) in penny marshall 's " a league of their own " ( 1992 ) . i always think of that quote when i read these " discussions " of the great ( and sometimes the not so great ) philosophers in the amazon reviews . on the one hand we have the " professional " philosophers / ph.d'swho appreciate the difficulty of their craft . on the other hand we have the " almost were 's " / undergraduates who cannot abide the effort it takes to decipher prose that seems unnecessarily dense . and that is how it should be , else everyone would do it , and those of us with ph.d . 's and tenure track jobs at good colleges and universities would be out of jobs and out of luck ! as for kant , let 's all be glad he 's not on the job market 
books pos 479.txt this book starts with the fundamentals of atomic structure and then builds on them until molecular orbital theory . molecular orbital theory is developed for both organic and inorganic substances . molecular orbital theory is used to explain the electronic structure of molecules , which is , of course , of fundamental importance to the chemist . bonding theories for organic and inorganic models are developed and a brief treatment is given on the solid state at the end of the book . this is a book that i often use as a reference . this book is versatile enough to refresh the chemist about bonding ideas in both organic and inorganic areas . it is not a particularly advanced book , but it was a pleasure for me to read and a good book to remind me of the basics when i need it 
books pos 444.txt having read this book as well as barnet schacter 's on new york during the revolution , both works i find are flawed in different ways . the likeable thing about gallagher is that he manages to convey the story in less than half the time . the hard thing to realize about the battle of brooklyn is that it really was n't much of a battle . the author here makes some grandoise statements about a new age of citizen warfare being ushered in with the advent of this battle . if that is so then the complete defeat of washy 's army bodes ill for that development ! gallagher is on better ground when he provides a nice overall of tactics and warfare in the 18th century . he gives a good account of training and recruitment in both armies . one of the more interesting things he mentions is that due to the two-rank line used by both sides in the revolutionary war , casualties from musketry and artillery tended to be light . this is an interesting point , and one not brought out by many historians of the period . in europe stronger lines of 3 and sometimes 4 ranks were employed , which provided greater strength , but also more density . hence increased loss from fire . a point well worth considering when looking at the battles of the revolution . most historians miss this completely , or are not interested in it . gallagher provides more of a military history in general on this subject , but he does waste a lot of time with preleminaries . more than half of the book is spent providing the standard background for the causes of the revolution , etc. while certainly required for the general reader ; when a book is as short as this one is it seems almost pointless . when we get down to the battle itself gallagher gives us not much more than schacter does . the british flank march completely compromises washy 's position , the outlying forces are swept away clear and simple . the confusion of command between putnam and sullivan no doubt made a bad situation worse . washy 's complete lack of strategic perspective shows up totally here . the defense of brooklyn , much less manhatten itself was a foregoon conclusion . washy was mad to consider defending brooklyn , much less manhatten in the first place . he committed his ill-trained army to an impossible task . that he did not lose completely was due more to how the british under howe chose to wage their campaign . most american authors try to put a bright light on what is essnetially a dark canvas . at brooklyn the americans ran . period . a few units stood their ground , in particular the marylanders , but no one else really did . the reason why american losses were not greater was because they did run . some authors try to say that british losses in killed and wounded were greater than americans at this battle . this is true partly because the british had to attack some strong positions that held for a time until pireced by the assault . british losses were often greater in this regard because americans usually ran once the british bayonet began to strike home . still , of the 1 , 000+ casualities sustained by the americans here , more than most us historians care to admit fell to british musketry and bayonets . the british loss was still well below 400. as the great maurice de saxe said in his memoirs of warfare in this period , more of the enemy can usually be despatched when he runs as opposed to when he stands . to reserve fire until the enemy line breaks was considered the most effective tactic of this period . in that respect many dozens of rebels must have been shot down as they ran before british bayonets . gallagher provides some understanding why the british did not storm the heights right away . this has often been one of the major criticisms of howe 's victory . why did n't he follow up ? after marching all night to outflank the americans , the british were disorganized , and tired . they had also foght a running battle with a fleeing enemy . howe did not believe his army was in any condition to storm brooklyn heights , memory of bunker hill or no . of course this does not explain why it was not done the following day . if we look more closely at howe 's position we can perhaps explain his rationale . his commission was both a general and peacemaker . he wanted to convince the rebels to come back into the royal fold . he could best do this by showing how futile their resistence to the crown was . to have destroyed washy 's army in brooklyn would have been gratuitous , excessive . such loss of blood would have defeated the purpose in mind . in restrospect it is easy to find fault with this strategy , and it would prove to be the only chance the british really had to crush the revolution in its infancy . the battle of brooklyn needs to be looked at from several perspectives . gallagher gives us a good start , but i think a more comprehensive work still needs to address all the issues here . 
books pos 112.txt having spent five years trying to establish an open-source software platform standard , in retrospect it would have been awfully nice to have had this book . if you 're going to compete with the big commercial firms you have to be comparable to or better than they are in as many areas as possible 
books pos 404.txt everything that i 've made so far has been really really good . recipes are easy to follow and pack up nicely for next day lunches 
books pos 43.txt tina dirmann did a fantastic job writing about this difficult case , which encompasses motherhood , mental illness , child abuse , and matricide . dirmann does not interject her own biases or agenda into her writing , rather she presents the many different angles of this story in a compassionate fashion . that , in and of itself is impressive , because many writers of true crime tend to lean one side or the other , get caught up in emotion , and appear unable to really present all sides of the story . lessons can be learned from this book regarding mental illness and society 's responsibility to help families who are in need of intervention . it is so sad that the extended families of these boys failed not only them , but also tragically failed their mother . 
books pos 586.txt of all of willard 's books , this one was my favorite . willard offers a systematic study of the nature of being , and then proposes a pragmatic approach to setting the hear back on course to purity and submission to god . a human being , he says ( p . 30 ) , is composed of thought , feeling , choice , body , social context and soul . he states plainly ( p . 41 ) , " it is the central point of this book that spiritual transformation only happens as each essential dimension of the human being is transformed to christlikeness under the direction of a regenerate will interacting with the constant overtures of grace from god . such transformation is not the result of mere human effort and cannot be accomplished by putting pressure on the will ( heart / spirit ) alone . " fundamental to this project is first dying to self , taking up the cross , and living in self-denial ( chapter 4 ) . we must then go through a process like learning a new language . the general steps he summarizes in the acronym vim : vision , intention , means ( p . 85 ) . these are a vision for kingdom life , the will to do it , and the means to carry it out . the rest of the book is structured around a look at the transformation of the mind ( chapters 6-7 ) , will ( 8 ) , body ( 9 ) , social context ( 10 ) , and the soul ( 11 ) . the work of the mind involves being cognizant of the ideas and feelings that drive our society and our personal lives . instead we should be renewed with love , joy , and peace in the inner life . the work of the will involves surrendering our will to god 's , and then moving from abandonment to contentment . here the spiritual disciplines bring to light our duplicity on these matters . the work of the body means realizing the over-emphasis we place on it and the need to cease idolizing and misusing our bodies . the work of our social context involves noting the use of assault and withdrawal that characterizes our relationships ( p . 181 ) . lastly , the work of the soul , which willard defines as the unifying factor of them all , is best summarized in psalm 1. we are to be renewed into new beings who happily fulfill the law of god . again , i said this was my favorite of willard 's works . i 'm not sure any of the rest of them so thoroughly transcend from the theological to the practical without missing a step . the systematic study of human nature is all-inclusive . he lays out a blueprint of a kingdom vision of what the human being ( emphasis on being ) is . the very nature of humanity , from the state in which we find it to the place it is supposed to be , is spelled out here . the enormity of the work is amazing for such a readable text 
books pos 579.txt i have to say that this book is fantastic - step by step photographs for each garnish . i just made a crab out of a cucumber in 5 minutes ! 
books pos 98.txt fifteen years ago i purchased this book for the first time . today i am buying it as a gift for my son . i feel i am giving him the gift of life all over again . even though i raised all my children with vitamin c added to their diets , he seems to have fallen off the & quot ; juice&quot ; wagon ! linus pauling was not only brilliant but clear and concise . i only wish i had known he published a book on quantum mechanics a long time ago . i shall purchase that too at last and maybe i shall have an inkling of what it is all about 
books pos 360.txt in this book , dulles offers a simplistic yet useful overview of the way the church has been viewed throughout its history . he focuses primarily on the catholic church . from dulles ' analysis , there are five basic ways to understand the church . he explores how these models have been used over time , as well as their particular strengths and weaknesses . in the rest of the book , dulles explores some of the issues surrounding ecclesiology . he has also added a new model which is a synthesis of the other five . my only complaint about the book is that it makes divisions too simple and straightforward . rarely is there a church that fits all of the descriptions of one model or does not somehow combine several models . the book is helpful , however , to pastors who seek to understand the thought patterns of the members of their church . it is also helpful to congregants who desire to understand more fully what it means to be the church . all things considered , this book is an asset to pastors , students , and anyone involved in ministry 
books pos 835.txt this book is a must for anyone who works with older adults . it is a photographic essay of some very special people....people who embrace the robustness of life , and who are disciplined to maintain their capabilities as long as possible . our world is steeped in ageism , that is , believing that older people are only capable of doing things that are & quot ; appropriate&quot ; for their age . this book shatters those beliefs and provides living examples of people who continue doing what they love to do physically . i wish that etta clark would revise this book with a new set of photos every year ! i have seen some of these photos over and over again in lectures that people give about aging . it is a book to be owned , not borrowed 
books pos 557.txt i am an author and journalist and i have to say this is the best novel i have ever read . true to the word " haunting . 
books pos 237.txt this book does what it says . it lists low or no cost campgrounds , they may not be where you want to go or fit your mega motorhome , that 's what commercial parks are for . i do n't know if it is all-inclusive but it certainly has most of the campgrounds that i know of in areas in which i am familiar 
books pos 45.txt with every grisham book i read , i get more and more impressed with his ability to not only use the law to create suspense , but to insert other elements to make this human as well . for once , we have a character that is not consumed by financial gain . however , this person has been left most of an eleven billion dollar fortune . however , she does not know this . a lawyer is sent to find her , and in the process , undergoes a fundamental change of his own . this story takes place in washington , maryland , west virginia , and the rain forests along the brazilian-bolivian border . in typical grisham fashion , he inserts considerable detail in all of the venues of this book , enabling the reader to create a mental picture everywhere this story goes . you can picture the six heirs that are clawing to get their share of the millions . you can picture the judge itching to have a high profile fight . you can envision the rainforest , and you can picture in your mind the massive changes occurring in the life of nate o'riley . this is yet another grisham work that will simply stick to your fingers like glue . the pages literally turn themselves . do not start this novel before going to bed , or you may have a sleepless night simply for the fact you simply will not be able to put this one down . 
books pos 333.txt the plot is quite good . however , the style and the overall structure are somewhat weaker that in later grisham 's stories . still well worth the time 
books pos 938.txt the theory behind this important collection of essays is that & quot ; the history of medieval power is to be sought in microcosms . &quot ; these essays demonstrate quite effectively that it can be found there as well . each essay focuses on a facet of the shifting power relationships in twelfth and thirteenth century europe . at issue in each are the questions of what or who held the power to command or punish , and how that power was obtained , kept and manifested . this is a truly enlightening book . of particular interest are the essays on holding power over the truth , as well as those dealing the formation of the nobility into a self-consciously chivalric warrior class . however , all the essays are intelligent and useful explorations into the very nature and meaning of power . ultimately , this book must be considered essential for any serious student of history , casual or academic 
books pos 441.txt with relations between the west and the islamic world worsening rapidly , a better understanding of islam and its roots is badly needed in the west . one major barrier between understanding islamic culture is the key sacred text , the q'uran , has been little studied in the west , and until recently , good translations were unavailable . many qurans were translated into the same sort of english as the king james bible , and not a glint of the quran 's revevered poetic beauty was reflected in such translations . thankfully , better translations in modern english are being made by leading islamic scholars who have a more sensitive ear to the poetry of the quran , as well as a better understanding of the influence and appeal this text has for believing muslims . like all great works of literature , especially a poetic one like the quran , its power and beauty can only be appreciated in its original language . this is why muslims often say the quran is untranslateable , but when one hears a verse of the quran being sung aloud with a little knowledge of arabic , the beauty ( while unfortunately not fully understandable ) does start to become apparent . but , even in translation , when read carefully the quran still has great beauty from a literary viewpoint . the most beautiful part of the quran in my view is the ' light ' surah , which compares god to a light whose glory fills the entire cosmos . this surah has been a favourite with sufis , islamic theologians like al-ghazzali , and also muslim philosophers as well . while the quran does contain descriptions of violence and its style is often difficult to read for the westerner , it is important to study this work with patience and try and see it as an organic whole rather than a fragmented jumble of poems . it is in this sense the deep underlying unity of the quran and its theology ( which reflects the unity of allah , the divinity in islam ) becomes apparent , especially in the names of god . a good knowledge of this religious classic is becoming indispensible in a world where islam is becoming more important to understand from a global perspective 
books pos 935.txt this is the first of a great series of books . knights & squires , quests & fairies , action & discovery - -- - old stories re-told in an easy-to-read style with a dose of dry humor . geared towards older children ( my daughter loves them all ) , they do n't insult the intelligence of the reader ( i enjoyed them more than much of the " grown-up " fiction i read ) . the series is best when you read them in order , as you meet the characters again in future books . the books were such a hit , i actully purchased them in hardback ( gasp ! ) so that the rest of my kids can read & re-read them as they get older . we 're eagerly waiting for the 7th book ( and the 8th.. . ) to come out in print ! john morris ( no relation to author 
books pos 111.txt for anybody , who wish to learn about the orthodox church , and christianity in general for that matter , this book is " must-read " . 
books pos 791.txt it is basically a short review of the great book written by zahn . i recommend the novel and this as a refresher for later times 
books pos 66.txt these are all short stories , some very short ; that 's what he wrote . i remember reading a number of these ( the science fiction ones mostly ) in translation years ago . rereading them now in the context of all his other work was really very interesting . as a collection of all his fictions , some of the items are a bit repetitive ; the variations on the " knife fight " theme for instance . but the range of his imagination is fascinating , particularly in his thoughts about reality vs imagination and layers of reality and identity : a lot of it presages the information-based world of today , which sometimes seems to have left hard reality behind . perhaps the link to the internet is one reason borges seems to have a bit of a following these days among technophiles . is not the web exactly borges ' " book of sand " - a place that absorbs us with fascinating and unique pages of information , but when we turn to find them again , we never can ? and how long will it be before an imagined " orbis tertius " engulfs entities such as the wikipedia we think we can rely on ( one might suggest it 's already happened - look up tatooine , for instance.. . ) what exactly is information when it 's just a bunch of ones and zeros - everything 's already been written in the " library of babel " after all ! the other fascinating thread to me was the influence of arabic and muslim themes ; i 'd never caught that before , but this collection includes a number of stories with an arab perspective . perhaps this is a well-known part of spanish heritage ; in any case , it was certainly interesting getting to know borges through this collection , from the knife fights to the arabian courts to the immortals - not everything was great , but enough great stuff to be really worth spending some time with 
books pos 971.txt this book is a personal re-examination of food- -what we eat , and why we eat it . in this book , prentice examines food customs and traditions , searching for their physiological and environmental rationale . her primary observation about food traditions is that they are strictly tied to the seasons , and thus the continual year-round availability of our foodstuffs has resulted in loss of much traditional knowledge about what is good for us and what isn't . in recognition of the essential seasonality of foods , prentice organizes this book into the thirteen moons that make up the year , from the famine moon , to the sap moon , from the egg moon to the corn moon , from the blood moon to the wolf moon . each chapter describes the ecology that led to the association between a particular food item and a specific time of the year . in the chapters , prentice discusses the nutritional contributions of the featured food items , and how her relationship with that food has changed over the years . for example , she explains how she used to avoid milk and other dairy products , but now relishes them as a gift of love from mother earth . each chapter also includes recipes of the season , ranging from exotic dishes of non-western food cultures , like cardamom and jaggery pudding , to simple directions for lost arts , such as rendering pork , or making homemade yogurt and sauerkraut . prentice was once a strict vegan , who for health reasons , eventually found herself drawn to a diet which includes animal products , but not the products of industrial agriculture . there is much that vegetarians and vegans would not like in prentice 's essays , since she explains how her 10 years of vegetarianism were not healthy for her . having had the same experience myself after being a vegetarian for 20 years , i can appreciate the wisdom in what she writes . while vegetarian diets work well for some , they are not appropriate for everybody . but at the same time , diets that include the consumption of industrially produced and processed animal products do nobody any good . we need to be willing to recognize our relation and responsibilities to the animals that we consume . i first heard of this book when i attended a vermont localvore potluck at which prentice was the invited guest chef . i was deeply offended then at her attitude , when she announced she was going to make a salad using a recipe from her book , but lamented the lack of local artichokes or olive oil . ` how could such a person be associated with local cooking , ' i wondered , ` if she does n't even have the sense to find out what the best local ingredients are and celebrate them , instead of parading the products of another region in front of us ? ' i figured that a seasonal local cookbook written by a national author would be a worthless concept . fortunately , that 's not what this book attempts- -instead the book is much more about rediscovering our connection to food than about specific local recipes . although she has become famous for leading the concept of eating foods only from one 's local region , what she urges here is really an appreciation for the products of small farms . thus , instead of simply cheering on local food , prentice argues in this book that our industrial agriculture system has torn us away from one of the most essential of human traits , our relationship to the food that nourishes us . instead of following diets of avoidance , prentice advocates recognizing the meaning that each item of food brings to our lives , and using food to re-establish our connection to the land . indeed , the only foods that prentice avoids are those heavily processed products of industrial agriculture : refined sugar , white flour , and pre-packaged extruded junk . although the book contains a few recipes , it is not a cookbook , but rather a wake-up call : " our poor diet is at least partly a physical manifestation of a spiritual decay , " together with some suggestions of how we can begin the journey back to healthy eating 
books pos 372.txt his first novel , the known world , won the pulitzer prize . this is the book he wrote first , a short story collection that i 've been looking forward to reading for a long time . it was a national writing award finalist and a hemingway pen winner . with a pedigree like that , do i really need to review it ? sure , why not ? when i reviewed his novel , did i mention that he has an amazing ear for dialogue ? he does . i believe it shines brighter in this setting than in such a sweeping and breathtaking saga as his novel . these are stories that you will feel in your heart , your mind , your soul , your gut . you 'll pause between each story so you can ride the wave of awe before you eagerly read the next . jones is an amazing author . he 's why we read , and he 's why some of us try to write . very few will ever reach this man 's level , but the attempt is always good for us . 
books pos 767.txt a very difficult topic to cover , but one which is broadly researched and well presented 
books pos 913.txt once again larry mcmurtry delivers the goods in this tale of the old west . we are introduced to calamity jane who spends a lot of time writing letters to her daughter by the light of a campfire . calamity jane joins a western touring company and the sea voyage to america is particularly memorable . there is also another character worth mentioning , namely a native american called no ears who views the world in terms of deep philosophical thought . towards the end of the book we see calamity jane lamenting her lost youth and sadly reflects on the glory days of the old west that she was once a part of . larry mcmurtry has writen a fine novel with a real , believable female character which is something most writers in this genre are unable to accomplish.another wondrous tale from a master of his craft 
books pos 969.txt i bought this as i 'm beginning to study judaism in my spiritual journey . the book is very well translated and includes recommendations for readings on holidays . there are also pictures throughout the book from various times and locations . i 'm also very pleased with this since it 's in a paragraph format ( as someone who 's only read the " hebrew bible " as part of the old testament i like the ease of reading with the paragraph format ) . highly recommende 
books pos 805.txt " typee " is based on melville 's experiences when , as a young man of 22 , he " jumped ship " from an american whaling vessel on the island of nukuheva in the marquesas islands of the south pacific . it is written in a straightforward narrative manner , but it is a work of fiction , not a journalistic report , something that is often overlooked . while , like " moby dick " , it contains lots of factual details , mostly quite accurate as confirmed by subsequent research , it is a much more complex tale than it appears to be on the surface . for a first novel , written when melville was only 27 years old , the narrative power is quite impressive , as for example in his description of the escape from the ship over the mountains to the valley of the typee . in the early chapters , themes of peace , beauty , and sensuality are combined with melville 's righteous indignation at the activities of western military and religious intruders to create the illusion of an earthly paradise . gradually dread , loneliness , horror , and fear of annihilation come to the fore , as " tommo " , the protagonist , becomes convinced that he is being kept for eventual eating at a ritual cannibal feast . he is finally rescued almost by chance , and because of conflict among the typees . i read the oxford world 's classics paperback edition , which has an introduction by ruth blair , an australian professor of english . it was very helpful with melville 's historical and literary sources and the geographical and cultural context . the chapter on " typee " in " studies in classic american literature " by d.h. lawrence adds a further depth of understanding . newton arvin 's biography of melville helps to place " typee " in the development of melville as a writer . highly recommended in its own right as a superb example of 19th century american romanticism , with hints of the impending metaphysical explosion of " moby dick " 
books pos 648.txt unlike most dystopian novels , which tend to focus on what may happen to government in the future , " a clockwork orange " focuses on the nature of the individual in the future . our protagonist is alex , only 15 years old but already a habitual criminal , roving the streets with his band of friends , taking advantage of every opportunity to wreak havoc on the world around him . the boys have no qualms about attacking the helpless . in fact , the more helpless the victim , it seems , the more pleasure the boys take in the act . the most interesting and disturbing aspect is that the boys manage to maintain a strange sort of innocence even as they commit the most heinous and violent crimes . they are n't doing any of this out of malice toward their targets ; in fact , it seems to matter very little who they pick as a victim . they are creating mayhem just because it 's fun for them . everything changes , however , when one particular break-in goes horribly awry and alex finds himself sentenced to 14 years in prison for murder . there , though he manages to create an illusion of good behavior , we see that the experience has no real impression on his sense of morality . then , after two years , he is chosen for a new , experimental rehabilitation program , designed to rid him of any desire to indulge in , or even contemplate , any acts of violence . as we see , however , this " treatment " also leaves him without any choice in the matter of being good or not . he has to be good because he is programmed to be . this , of course , raises the question central to the book : does good behavior actually mean you are a good person if you have no freedom of choice ? the book can be a little difficult to get in to at first , predominantly because of burgess 's unique style . the story is narrated by alex and thus , is written in the complex slang language , invented by burgess for this book , that the youth of this society engage in . for example , a sentence taken from the opening chapter : " he looked a malenky bit poogly when he viddied the four of us like that " ( pg . 5 ) . there is no glossary , but if you stick with it , you will start to develop a feel for what most of the words mean after a couple chapters . however , if you find yourself having difficulty , a nice , comprehensive lexicon can be found on wikipedia if you search for " english to nadsat " ( due to review guidelines i am not allowed to include a direct link ) . unfortunately , it is alphabetized by the english equivalents , not by the slang terms , so looking up a word can be a little difficult . one final note of interest : the original british publication of " a clockwork orange " had 21 chapters , as does the current american edition . however , when the book was first published in the united states , the last chapter was dropped . as burgess explains in his introduction to the restored version , publishers considered this 21st chapter a sellout . whether it is or is n't is up to you to decide , but i can tell you that the presence or absence of the last chapter makes a huge difference in the overall feel and message of the book . without the final part of the story in place , the book offers a bleak message , implying that human nature cannot really change . on the other hand , reading the book with the final chapter in place gives us a little more hope . beyond that , burgess tells us in his introduction , interpretation is up to you 
books pos 783.txt a few years ago , i had the pleasure of meeting pam munoz ryan at a summer arts children 's storytelling forum held at california state university - fresno . she read the book to parents , teachers , and students who attended the conference . i was amazed on the writing , culture , and illustrations that she used for this book . the novel serves as a tale of her childhood spending time with her family at her grandmother 's house . overall , the story teaches children the value of traditions , family , and heritage . in short , " mice and beans " is a good book to read 
books pos 610.txt this is one of the finest popular histories i have ever read . whether it is a book about 5th and 6th century british history using arthur as a organizing principle , or a book about the " real " arthur using 5th and 6th century history as a backdrop , this book is wholly convincing concerning the reality of arthur and the historical context in which he lived . the book may actually be too good . the most convincing evidence it cites - - the so-called british easter annals - - appear to have been called into question by subsequent scholarship ; and the link between arthur and mount badon is not quite as convicing as it seeme to be when alcock wrote the book . in short , this masterpiece needs updating . but a masterpiece it is . no one who reads this book with any care can fail to come away from it without a vastly improved understanding not only of the british dark ages , but of the nature of historical evidence , scholarship , and truth . this is a great book 
books pos 559.txt as other reviewers have stated , ludlum passed away at the time of the publication of this novel . unfortunately , we may never know what other voice has been mingled with ludlum 's to complete this tale . honestly speaking , i believe this to be the case because the story is actually better than i have come to expect from ludlum . no disrespect intended , but i feel this work is actually above his standard . there is certainly a few moments of unbelievable plotting and characterization , but who cares when the ride is such a rip . at first you think you 're reading a typical espionage thriller and eventually come to realize it 's more than that , much more . for new world order conspiracy fans you 're in for a treat . ludlum et al 's take on an old plot is so fresh and intrigueing you are left speechless . i 'll just say this , if you have ever wondered if the nazi 's survived wwii you will really wonder after reading the sigma protocol . god help us if there 's any truth to this plot 
books pos 679.txt mr. fleishman has written and clear and concise primer on home theater . clearly , from his years as a staff writer for audio video interiors and other pubs , he has an in-depth knowledge of the ins and out of ht . certainly , everyone who is interested in ht should buy this book and read it from cover to cover . the best of all is that this volumne is updated on a on-going basis so that its always current with the latest trends and developements from hdmi to dts 96 / 24. great job 
books pos 146.txt steven pinker has written a fascinating account of how language works ; how we , as listeners , process the sounds that make up words and sentences in a way that allows us to extract meaning . the book is clear , entertaining and very accessible ; pinker 's writing style is witty and engaging . my appreciation of the book is not only as a reader and enthusiast of language , but also as a writer ; despite having been writing for years , and having studied numerous books on writing style and technique , it is " the language instinct " that positively impacted my writing more than anything else that i 've read ; an understanding ( at least a partial one - i 'm no expert ) of the way your words will be parsed by the brain of your reader can be very valuable in one 's attempt to write clearly and well . i highly , highly recommend this book to anyone interested in learning something new , and being entertained in the process . danny iny author of " ordinary miracles - harness the power of writing and get your point across ! " ( isbn 1-4116-7252-6 
books pos 193.txt i purchased this for my husband for a birthday gift , and it came on time and in perfect condition . thanks 
books pos 640.txt ralph fletcher and joann portalupi have teamed up to create a book that is easy to understand and apply in the classroom setting . the lessons can be adapted for all elementary grades and everything is spelled out for you as the teacher - including the titles of books to use . those familiar with the 6 traits will find concrete examples to help develop each skill 
books pos 456.txt i dont agree with the previous reviewer at all . my kids love everything in this book and if i find enough time i want to make every single toy . they are not scary looking at all . if you like knitted babes by claire garland , you ll love this one . there are 5 themes in this book : enchanted land : princess and castle fairy dream : fairy and baby , flower pillow , unicorn wild trail : cowboy and mustang set to sea : pirate and ratty , dinghy magical waterworld : mermaid , fish , seahorse and crab , dolphin there are also pages on knitting , crochet and stitching basics . this is probably not a book for a beginner , but if have some experience you ll want to get your needles , hooks and yarn and just get going . i can only recommend this one . 5 stars ! ! ! 
books pos 843.txt this book is very revealing to the reader of the special aspect of being a christian , which is being a dispenser as well as a receiver of grace . so much of the christianity portrayed today is the exact opposite . we see more often the christian faith portrayed as a religious form , political arm , and unloving attitude . this book is a real insight into the christian faith of how to be a true follower of christ who cared so much about individuals , especially those who were not self righteous , but fallen and in need of grace to restore their lives . 
books pos 35.txt having read most of grisham 's books , i 've saved a few of his " best " for last . while it was n't a 5 star book like i 'd hoped , it certainly was one of his better books with a lot of detail and of course the plot was an interesting one . having saw the movie years ago , i had a good idea of what the book was about : two supreme court justices are killed , a law school student , along with many other people become curious and try to figure out " who dun it " ...only , she writes a brief and hits the nail on the head , and when the wrong people find out , she 's on the run for her life ! i enjoyed the book mostly because it was fast-paced , and had a lot of detail . so much detail and characters , i had a bit of a struggle to keep up ! of course it was suspenseful and the characters , especially of darby , the law school student and the reporter who starts to help her uncover the truth . good read 
books pos 910.txt a great read for anyone interested in cards . i managed to pretend to my friends that i knew nothing about cards before cleaning them out after reading this book. . 
books pos 140.txt amazing . one or probably the most impressive paintor 's book i have . not easy subjects sometimes , but anyway , always beautiful 
books pos 958.txt as mentioned , this book is amazingly compact , cramming three semesters of calculus and a bit of ordinary differential equations into just 800 pages . that conciseness also implies that much explanatory material and many illustrative examples are missing . the authors mention in the preface that " classifiers of calculus books would call this a traditional book . most theorems are proved or left as exercises to prove.. . " nearly every result in this book has an accompanying proof . for those with a serious interest in mathematics , this is a useful resource . for most others , the presence of so many proofs can be overwhelming and probably is a turnoff . included with the book is a one-page detachable reference card containing a massive amount of valuable information , including common rules for derivatives and integrals , geometric formulas , a few conversion factors , trigonometric identities and graphs ( very useful ! ) , and more . the book also has a three-page comprehensive table of integrals in the inside back cover and a listing of geometric formulas in the front , along with a commemorative timeline and portraits featuring the deceased european males who made calculus possible . given all of this , i would highly recommend this book as an 800-page calculus reference text , or maybe as a text in an honors calculus sequence that expects to use the text throughout multiple semesters - then using it saves you money . but for those who do n't have a super-strong background or interest in math , those who are just taking calculus for a requirement or those who have never seen calculus before , or for those who are just plain math-phobic - using this book just does n't make any sense . i would n't recommend it . for those who are stuck with this book for a course , i 'd suggest looking for another book to help you out . one possible book has already been mentioned in another review : silvanus thompson and martin gardner 's " calculus made easy " , a book that dates back originally to 1910 ( ! ) . i 've read parts of it , and the book looks good to me . i 'm sure that there are many other helpful books ; try checking your local / university library or looking on amazon for ideas . an extra calculus textbook that 's more student-friendly might be a good idea . as for the pages falling out , i have n't had a problem with it ( i have the 8th edition ) , but i do n't use the book all that much . i have n't found any serious errors in the text , but i have n't read everything thoroughly , having only used the text for calc iii . and , yeah , getting the student solutions manual would probably be a good idea 
books pos 751.txt the opening of the mauritius command brings us some changes , especially for captain jack aubrey , who finds himself in the improbable role ( for him ) of husband and father of twins . unsuccessful and hapless in his domestic life , he immediately jumps at the chance to leave england and take over a new command . off the coast of africa , jack is promoted to commodore , putting him in command not just of his own ship but of a small fleet . in the course of the book , jack stretches his abilities to the fullest as the british vie with the french for possession of several small islands crucial to controlling the india trade . of course , dr. stephen maturin is on hand too . his facets as doctor , naturalist , and spy all come into play in the course of the novel . the previous novel , h.m.s. surprise , involved incredible physical suffering , loss , and rejection for stephen so it was nice to see him get a break in this installment . however , stephen is still haunted by what has happened to him . a dark current runs through him that no doubt will resurface in future books . the overriding issue explored in this novel is leadership and what it means to be a good leader . jack has to deal with two very different captains serving under him , one of whom is a silly and vain man who is kind and familiar with his men and thus beloved by them . the other is a brave commander who exercises brutal tyranny with those under his rule . the weaknesses of both men lead to very different disasters . in spite of the battles and some serious turns of event , the mauritius command involves more action and comedy and less angst than h.m.s. surprise , making it a lighter read . 
books pos 432.txt i thought i was fairly familiar with the sanibel island area , but this book definitely gave me new insight . the author definitely " knows her stuff " and has written a very informative and interesting guide . anyone visiting sanibel ( especially first-timers ) should definitely get a copy before they go . 
books pos 101.txt in this fully illustrated and remarkably brief book , hawking provides an overview of the state of theoretical physics at the dawn of the 21st century . the often dense text is supplemented by biographical details , witty asides , and ( especially ) luxuriously reproduced introductions . hawking covers a lot of territory in 200 pages ; he hopes to provide brief , non-intimidating summaries of recent concepts and new frontiers in science . there is astonishingly little text , and at times the pithiness , compactness , and occasional " cuteness " may work against readers ' understanding ; there 's perhaps too much shell and not enough nut here . some sections are so cursory that i suspect they will fail to make any sense at all to the untutored reader . ( this is especially true of several of the passages on imaginary time , event horizons , and brane world models . ) the text is aided greatly , however , by the beautifully rendered four-color illustrations . even if the concepts presented by these drawings seem fuzzy at first , the creativity and humor fused into moonrunner design 's artwork will attract , engage , and occasionally tease readers who might otherwise be frightened by the sight of a quadratic equation . overall , then , the book might have far more value as a refresher course for the beginner rather than as an introduction for the uninitiated . yet it 's certainly conceivable that somebody new to this material might be intrigued enough to explore these subjects further . if you 're looking for a book that will flesh out the concepts presented here , i strongly recommend ( as does hawking ) alan guth 's " the inflationary universe " or brian greene 's " the elegant universe . 
books pos 486.txt this book melded two things i never thought i 'd see in one book . the salem witch trials and modern drug research . sounds a little weird at first , but robin cook makes it work . alot of mystery as well as some insight into the past of 17th century salem , ma make this a very engaging read . as with other books by robin cook , none of the characters is perfect which always makes his creations easier to relate to , no matter how rich , smart , etc , they may be . great read ! very exciting endin 
books pos 736.txt this is a colleciton of seven or so stories told by a mouse to mice about mice . it is one of those books that is simply fun to read , particularly to the wee ones at bed time . the illustrations are quite good and the nicest thing about the stories are that they are just about as much fun for the adult to read as it is for the kid . very nice illustrations , well done . recommend this one highly . 
books pos 583.txt i decided to read this on a flight to indiana from ny . i managed to complete the book on the return . it is a quick read , not a self help book , more about merton and nouwen finding their true self as well as the author 's road to becoming a jesuit . i think we all want to find our true self , but not all can and some never attempt to . martin stresses the importance of finding our true self in order to achieve happiness that comes from within 
books pos 56.txt painstakingly compiled by judy brown ( contributing writer and comedy critic for la weekley ) , the funny pages is an impressive and hilarious collection of 1 , 473 jokes gathered from the funniest modern-day comedians around , ranging from robin williams to bill cosby , george burns , conan o'brien , and many , many more . the individual jokes are arranged by topic underneath dictionary-style headings . from alcohol to yoga and zoos ; each gag is short but sweet , and packs a punch in this chuckle-inducing , highly recommended anthology of wit , gags , and humor both classic and cutting edge 
books pos 710.txt decadent stories to warm you up on a cold winters night . just the right amount of comedy and sexiness blended together for the right recipe for love . " warm and soothing , sweet and sensual , these luxurious love stories will melt your cares away , and fulfill your most delectable dreams.. . " the quote on the back of the book hits the mark . these stories all share a love of chocolate and chemistry . although the stories may seem short and rushed at times , we must remember , it is an anthology and many feel that way . each story is a nice little break from the ordinary . hope you enjoy this book as much as i did . lori foster and suzanne forster deliver their best as always 
books pos 965.txt excellent . as the title states the " ultimate " . should be the first book purchased , borrowed or stolen for the enthusiast 
books pos 899.txt i am thilled to see this book being available in hardcover and paperback as well . i read this book about ten years ago and i read it regularly every couple of years . the story is very compelling and the scene of the protagonist walking home through a run-down community is a classic of american literature . what this book and o'connor 's other novel , the last hurrah , apart is the writing . in an era where writers seem to challenge one another to be more like faukner and less comprehensible to the average man , o'connor wrote very well and his language is beautiful . from this fine prose arises really deep characters which are flawed and so easily identifiable to us all . 
books pos 672.txt i was very excited to get my hands on this book . i have been ordering this series from amazon.co as they are released as i can get them several months ahead on their american counter parts . i must say that i was disappointed with the beginning of the book . first - hem is not the character that i wanted to read about . second - the start is slow and the plot drags a little . but - all is forgiven after 100 pages . i warmed up to hem . i actually think that the authors writting style has improved each book and this book just feels right . i was done reading way before i wanted to be done . the ending is nothing but action . i put the book down entertained and wanting more . what else can you ask for in a work of fictio 
books pos 831.txt i enjoyed this book having read other non-fiction frontier books . however , i must say that the degree to which the author delves into how to make certain tools / objects , etc. , i could have done without . i would skip through parts like those describing how to build a bean cooker , because such descriptions were so detailed . if you 're a technical / hands-on person , then you probably would like knowing how items / tools were built from raw materials in the frontier . but for me , i was more interested in the story , than the instructionals . 
books pos 664.txt with astute attention to the details of character , setting and daily life , susan kelly illuminates the ordinary . pondering love , memory , faith , and responsiblity , kelly transforms the everyday into the quintessential . this is a beautifully rendered story 
books pos 429.txt i read everything and anything king , he is my favorite author . this short story is interesting but predictible 
books pos 992.txt ms. kulp has done a wonderful job , as usual , updating her classic book on raising a child with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders . this book is a must-read for anyone who loves someone with fasd 
books pos 700.txt after reading being peace , i ordered additional copies for all my close friends . this book is both thought-provoking and accessible . thich nhat hanh has a way of presenting buddhist lessons and ways of being , ways of living and thinking about ourselves and our relationships to others and the world in a style that is almost deceptively simple and deeply thoughtful . i highly recommend this book as either an introduction to buddhist thought or as a way of enriching any life . 
books pos 115.txt this book is the best book about baby face nelson , i enjoyed reading this book greatly . everything you wanted to know about lester gillis is in this book . every part of his life was explained in great detail ; the authors did not leave anything out . i highly recommend this book to people who are into the depression era gangsters 
books pos 818.txt this is a wonderful book that catches the subtle and yet glaring clashes of outlook on country and escape , grounded firmly in love and faithfulness . it moves quickly ; i was afraid of a tragedy at the end but the resolution is quietly reassuring and poignant . the grounding love is as much sexual as otherwise but that 's understandable in view of the widely different backgrounds of julie and abu . and it is not transient but deepens . miriam , abu 's sister , remains with me in her moving quietude , and the litle girl lela , hand in hand with julie , plucks deep 
books pos 496.txt some long ago inventer discovered that if you place carefully shapped rocks just so they will remain in place as an arch , dramatically reducing the amount of stone you need to hold up a bridge , an aquaduct , or the entrance to a castle . it probably was n't too much later that someone recogniced that a bunch of arches next to each other would yield an arched ceiling to a room . my guess is that it then took a very long time for someone to recognize that if you made a series of arches in a circle you could make a domed room . but as soon as one was built , i suspect that a priest of some kind looked up and immediately saw that a minature version of the sky had been created , and that an artist could transform this sky into a ' vision of heaven . ' this book shows what decoration has been applied to the insides of domed buildings from about the second century to the twentieth . it is an absolutely spectacular set of photographs of how artists have brought the heavens down to earth . 
books pos 483.txt having just spent the last few months reading all five books in the three musketeer series , the following are my suggestions . 1. read all five books in order . the man in the iron mask is probably enjoyable on its own but reading the four books that proceed it help place the story in its proper context . think of the man in the iron mask as the dessert in a five course meal . dessert is great but the four proceeding course are also enjoyable . getting to the end of the book was especially enjoyable knowing that i was finishing a 3 , 500 page experience . 2. read the oxford university editions . there are wonderful end notes that help the reader keep track of the characters and events . when you read 3 , 500 pages you need that type of assistance to keep things straight . the introductions are also very well written and help the reader get back into focus before beginning the next chapter . 3. if you really like any one book in particular , go to the internet and purchase a well illustrated used hardback edition for your collection . i purchased a used three musketeers with illustrations by maurice leloir . the three hundred plus illustrations make that edition especially enjoyable . along with sir walter scott , alexandre dumas created the genre of the historical adventure novel . i have been reading these types of novels my entire life . beyond a doubt , alexandre dumas is the master virtuoso of this genre . 
books pos 627.txt for the english-language reader wedgwood 's book , which has been in print for over sixty years , is still an excellent introduction and synoptic narrative of this lengthy and turbulent period of european history . it gives brief and judicious biographical sketches of the major political and military actors of three generations : the principal antagonists at the outset - - ferdinand ii of austria and frederick v , elector palatine ; the condottieri-style generals - spinola , von mansfeld , tilly , wallenstein , piccolomini , christian of halberstadt , bernhard of saxe-weimar , the duc d'enghien ( conde ) ; the contentious minor rulers - - maximilian v of bavaria , johann georg of saxony ; the northern monarchs - - christian iv of denmark and gustavus adophus of sweden ( and his daughter christina and prime minister , oxenstierna ) ; the " spoiler " , cardinal richelieu ; the new emperor ferdinand iii and his cousin , the warlord cardinal-infant ferdinand of spain ; and many others . this book is written in a traditional english historian 's prose style that is clear , eloquent and totally lacking the jargon of concurrent and later social and economic histories , while still covering these aspects of the period . in spite of some reviewers ' claims of a " protestant bias " in her interpretation , the author seems extremely fair when assessing responsibility for the long-running disaster of the war , taking the position that it was the self-serving political interests of the participants ( dynasties , rulers , generals and paymasters ) that kept the war going at the expense of the social and economic welfare of the vast majority of inhabitants of germany and bohemia . although i am not familiar with this new edition ( and grafton 's introduction ) i emphasize that any reissuing of this book should have a brief scholarly introduction which supplies more details on the constitutional arrangements and crises of the holy roman empire during the sixteenth century , with a special emphasis on the composition of the bohemian estates and the conflicts between the estates and the habsburg king-emperors . the extent and internal organization of " the bohemian crown lands " should also be outlined . a succinct review of the political status of lutheranism , calvinism , the bohemian brethren , and other protestant confessions throughout all of europe around the year 1600 and a note on how their status had altered by 1700 would also be useful in " setting the stage " for the events of 1618 and understanding the relgious-denomination consequences of the war . the author supplies sufficient details on the major battles , but this is not a work of military history . as wedgwood knows , battles were only significant in the larger view as a result of their political consequences . and it is in the elucidation of the underlying politics of the war ( including how political prospects shifted with the waxing and waning of military fortunes ) that wedgwood excels . in her analysis of the general european situation at the outset of the war she proposes that there were three sets of forces which underlay and drove contemporary events . each was a source of conflict and each might cross-cut the others , complicating the declared interests and objectives of the dynasties and nations involved . in brief , the forces were : ( a ) religion , with three major competing factions ( catholic , lutheran , calvinist ; she notes that the conflict between the latter two forms of protestantism was often as extreme as it was between each of them and the roman catholic church ) . ( b ) nationalism ( french , german , czech , etc. ) , which was a new force on the scene , crystallizing the idea that political entities might be defined by nationality ( which here equals some combination of ethnicity and native language ) rather than conceived of as polyglot territorial agglomerations brought about by dynastic interests . ( c ) monarchic-constitutional issues , which were especially complicated and ambiguous within the " constitutional " grouping of major and minor powers known as the holy roman empire ( hre ) . the constitutional problem was twofold . within the small arenas of developing nation states and the yet smaller ones of traditional rulerships throughout europe ( duchies , counties , " free-city " areas ruled by town councils and mayors ) contests over the basis and extent of the rulers ' powers and privileges were taking place . aristocrats , oligarchs and merchants had traditional corporate bodies ( estates ) reluctant to cede their own powers ( taxation , the organization of military service ) to a central authority . the same conflict was also being played out on the larger scale of the hly roman epire , that loose grouping of special obligations and exemptions which was the final residue of an earlier system of vassalage binding together the elected emperor ( who had been a habsburg for several centuries ) and the smaller rulerships of central europe . the religious reforms , rebellions and wars of the sixteenth century had produced a system that appeared to resolve some of the potential problems through the won privilege of cujus regio , eius religio ( " whoever rules , his religion [is the religion of the ruled area] " ) . in the year of the war 's inception , 1618 , this new balance was very fragile , comprising four catholic and three protestant imperial electors . in germany the special arrangements regulating relationships between the emperor ( resident in vienna or prague ) and local rulers and guaranteeing a great deal of political autonomy to the locals , especially the protestant electors , had been somewhat codified by the augsburg treaty of 1555 , and were known as the " german liberties " . these would prove to be especially important to the three protestant electors at the outset of the war . in the developing continental war one could be pro - or anti-habsburg based on any one of the above factors or any combination of two or three of them . for example , a catholic ruler ( including the papacy ) might seek protestant allies in order to combat habsburg territorial expansion in his direction or to combat constitutional changes in the empire which affected his position adversely . or a protestant power might accept the habsburg " program " in any given case because it did not wish to disturb constitutional arrangements that were to its advantage ( this characterization is apt for saxony and brandenburg during the first twelve years of the war . ) as wedgwood notes , all three considerations ( religion , nationality , constitutional relations ) could be and were used cynically to advance the positions and interests of individual rulers and factions . from the point of view of rationality or predictability , political choices and commitments were often self-contradictory ( e.g. , a catholic power supporting a protestant venture ; a german liberties party accepting occupation by the army of a foreign power , etc. ) or temporary expedients that made the overall european situation more chaotic . the war began locally in bohemia , but its complications and consequences radiated outward as far west as spain and england ( even farther , to the caribbean naval theater ) , as far north as sweden and northeast to poland , as far south as italy and southeast as transylvania ; in other words , it was a european continental war with global impact . when the war broke out in 1618 it was over the habsburg violation of a " constitutional guarantee " of religious freedom in bohemia ( the concessions stated in rudolf ii 's letter of majesty ) . and here is where individual personalities and beliefs played an important role . ferdinand ii , who had knowingly violated the terms of the letter soon after being selected by the bohemian diet as king ( and therefore the first in precedence of the hre electors ) was determined not only to expand the political powers of the habsburg dynasty in bohemia and elsewhere , he was firmly committed to the goals of the catholic counter-reformation ( i.e. , re-catholicizing all of the areas within the hre which had become protestant during the last one hundred years ) . when he was deposed by a special convention of the bohemian estates ( the defenestration of his deputies in prague being the signal event of this deposition ) , the crown of bohemia was offered to the elector of the ( rhineland ) palatinate , frederick v , who considered himself a champion of the protestant cause . the religious zeal of these two antagonists led to extreme fixed positions at the very outset of the war . given the other major conflict hovering in the background - - the spanish habsburg determination to recover the now protestant area of the netherlands which had become the successful and defiant ( dutch ) united provinces - the war soon became international . while the entry of france and then denmark followed by sweden , into the war during the 1620 's changed its nature and extended its duration , wedgwood concentrates much of her analysis on the behavior of the two protestant electors , johann georg of saxony and georg wilhelm of brandenburg and one catholic ruler , maximilian of bavaria . it is her contention throughout the book that johann georg and maximilian in particular could have prevented the war 's spread and forced ferdinand into a compromise very early in the course of events that acquired their own dynamism once they got out of hand . despite their religious differences these two were always strong " german liberties " proponents , and each had the same view of the austrian habsburg rulers : they should be kept for the broader protections they offered , but kept in place with respect to encroachments on the traditional rights of local rulers . in the end both of these rulers survived the lengthy war in spite of numerous diplomatic and military reversals ( saxony switched sides and joined the swedes for several years , while maximilian 's position was constantly and secretly supported by his nominal enemies , the french , as their potential foot in the habsburg camp . ) wedgwood believes that the price of their survival was far too costly for the rest of germany . wedgwood 's gloss on the changing nature of the conflict is that by the year 1635 the war had become one of great-power politics , and that the earlier religious and ideological causes were losing their ability to motivate the antagonists . her summary of the changes emphasizes the following : ( a ) religion had discredited itself as a plausible source of political programs and a legitimate cause for war . religion was becoming more interiorized and private , and losing ground philosophically and ethically to the new prestige of empirical and applied science ( this was the era of galileo and kepler , with descartes , harvey , hook , newton , huygens , etc. on the near horizon ; a time of laboratory science and scientific societies . ) as the basis of a political program religion was viewed cynically by those who saw the devastation it had brought about . ( b ) for thinking men , nationalism began to fill the emotional void in public life left by the withdrawal of religion as the underlying motive for political and cultural action . this was very obvious in france , but even true of ferdinand iii , for whom the new main cause was the construction of an austrian-based hereditary monarchy whose additional obligations as the holy roman imperial protector of far-flung german catholics were no longer perceived as worthwhile . in the minds of both germans and austrian habsburgs the holy roman empire was becoming an honorific entity with ambiguous and weak political commitments in germany . the elbe-north german-pomeranian ideal empire of wallenstein was never again revived as a dynastic program . austria began to move south and east ( toward italy , croatia , and hungary ) in its expansionist aims . ( c ) the control of immense polyglot , multi-religious , mercenary armies and their huge camp followings had become a pressing matter of concern for all of the political authorities that hired them - they were neither religious nor national in their motives and aims and were in fact independent " mobile states " unto themselves , cynical and rapacious and often as dangerous to their paymasters as to their foes ; whenever their immediate prospects for pay and maintenance looked bad , they changed sides . the most successful mercenary generals had become mini-sovereigns . officers were all " out for themselves " and for their troops ( rather than for the cause or nation of their paymaster ) , since without troop loyalty they had no means of personal advancement - - the most famous commanders , ernst von mansfeld , wallenstein , bernhard of saxe-weimar , the swedish general wrangel , all expected ( and some received ) grants of territory and titles of nobility as their rewards for service . the " national " armies of conscripts that came to the fore in the 18th century was the answer to this problem . the pace of the war wound down during its last five years ( although there were several major battles fought even then ) , which was a period of extended negotiatons in mnster and osnabrck , with the " final treaty " being signed late in 1648. for the next five years a series of conferences met at nrnberg to implement and enforce the peace treaty and to deal with difficult problems raised by demobilizing huge armies . many of the loans of this period , which were raised to cover the demobilization costs , were not paid off for a century . individual rulers such as charles of lorraine and the duke of savoy ( who got nothing from the treaty ) refused to vacate various fortresses for five or six years , but the war did not break out again . france and spain continued at war with each other , but not in germany . numerous soldiers , especially officers , went into mercenary service all over europe . others took to the hills as professional bandits - for the next 20 years merchants traveled through certain parts of germany and bohemia in armed caravans . wedgwood accepts the more recent ( 1900-1930 's ) historical estimate that the population of the imperial german lands ( excluding alsace and the netherlands ) dropped from about 21 million in 1618 to 13 million in 1648. the number of dislocated people was also substantial . while she acknowledges that the number of towns and villages destroyed and other " infrastructural " and economic losses were very large , she feels that all contemporary sources ( e.g. , the pamphlet literature of the next 100 years ) exaggerated local losses , since all parties in the war continued to seek indemnities and restitution . the free peasantry benefited briefly , since landowners were desperate for manpower to restore their estates - prices fell while wages rose for a number of years , which increased the standard of living of peasants and artisans . but within a decade of the peace treaty the landowning gentry was pleading with imperial , royal and local rulers to impose legal restrictions which would re-create bonded , serf-like conditions for peasants . town councils now became pawns and bureaucrats of the dynastic courts of their rulers and also implemented restrictive legislations on peasants ( e.g. , prohibitions against mobility , domestic industry , and household craft production - - a trend which later historians refer to as " neo-serfdom " ) . class stratification was as rigid as it was before the war started . there was a new , large class of mobile petty nobles and gentry seeking court-backed military and bureaucratic appointments , at the expense of town and peasant taxpayers . germany and the austrian-based monarchy and empire were totally excluded from the international competition to establish overseas colonies and from the developing " atlantic trade " . for a number of years the outlets of germany 's major rivers ( rhine , elbe , oder , and for brandenburg-prussia , vistula ) were controlled by foreign powers , reducing germany 's commercial strength . hamburg was the exception , becoming the major maritime merchant city of the north sea coast , at the expense of the other hanseatic cities and the scandinavian powers . the only medium-sized german state to emerge with positive prospects was brandenburg , soon to become the administratively efficient and militarily powerful prussia . the peace , while ending the " wars of religion " , set the stage for a long series of " nationalistic " wars that subsumed dynastic and religious sources of conflict . france replaced the habsburg spanish-austrian coalition as the menacing and tyrannical continental power willing to disturb the peace . austria turned to the south and east and spain lost its great power status and became an economic and cultural backwater . there was no politically or culturally unified germany within the boundaries of the old empire ( french culture began to reign supreme ) and the cosmopolitanism ( its openness to outside influences ) of this area during the 18th century , instead of being a source of pride over its achievements , became a source of lament for later cultural and ethnic purists of revived german nationalism . author 's judgment and conclusions : in terms of responsibility for the overall disaster , wedgwood points to the futility and self-destructiveness of sincere religious zeal in the cases of ferdinand ii and the elector palatine . but , from the point of view of failures of practical ( and ethical ) politics , she highlights the behavior of maximilian and johann georg , who could have prevented the spread of the conflict in 1620 and could have brought the war to an early end in 1635 if they had agreed to work together on a " unified german program " which would have forced imperial compromises and concessions had they both stood behind it . between these two she sees the saxon as the greater victim of military circumstances ( pressed by the swedish juggernaut ) and therefore less culpable for the mess , while she judges the bavarian as too subtle and too ambitious in pursuit of his own dynastic and territorial ambitions at the expense of a general settlement good for his fellow germans , thus identifying him as the more culpable . beautiful in its style and concision , wedgwood 's final summary is also gloomy ( as one might expect of a work completed in 1939 , on the verge of world war ii ) : " as there was no compulsion towards a conflict which , in despite of the apparent bitterness of the parties , took so long to engage and needed so much assiduous blowing to fan the flame , so no right was vindicated by its ragged end . the war solved no problem . its effects , both immediate and indirect , were either negative or disastrous . morally subversive , economically destructive , socially degrading , confused in its causes , devious in its course , futile in its result , it is the outstanding example in european history of meaningless conflict . " 
books pos 690.txt as a social worker in private psychotherapy practice , i find that sometimes the work can be isolating and at times i question whether i should make more of an effort to consider the latest trends in psychotherapy . mary pipher affirms that the classic skills that make a good therapist such as compassion , empathy , listening skills , reframing and the ability to induce a sense of calm are timeless . furthermore , even if i was n't a therapist i think i would still devour this book because her writing is a pleasure to read . i highly recommend it for anyone just starting their career in therapy or those who have been in the field for decades . this book is bound to become a classic 
books pos 687.txt i have been planting flowers from seed in my home for almost 5 years now . last year i had over 1400 seedlings on multi-level shelves under flourescent and natural light in my dining room . ( boy do i need a greenhouse ! ) so this book was not a lot of new information to me . a lot of what is listed can be found on the back of a seed packet , but it 's not practical to sit on the floor of my favorite garden supply store and read every seed package for suggestions before i buy it . ( this is important , because i 'm not interested in refrigerating my seeds 3 weeks before i plant them or doing other such preparations required for some seeds . ) one major thing missing from this book was photography . there were drawings , but i 'm sorry to say that they were mostly a way of breaking up the monotony of the text rather than a reference tool . on the good side , this book did an excellent job of providing the proper germination environment , and each plant had a quick reference in a shaded box that listed the type of plant ( annual , perennial , etc ) , its hardiness zone , and its flowering season . this allowed me to quickly eliminate the plants that were inappropriate for my zone . the regular index was n't very useful , but one wonderful addition was an index of the common & amp ; latin names . i refer to this when looking at some of my books that include the full color photography i was missing . ( almost makes up for it....almost ! ) of course , there is the standard hardiness zone map , but they also added a map each for the probable first and last frost dates . ( nice ! ) also included was a directory of seed companies and their addresses . all in all , this book does a good job of covering the seed part , but a poor job of covering the bloom part 
books pos 215.txt a recent dallas morning news column profiling t.d. jakes quoted a university of houston sociology professor saying that jakes is " incredible in how he 's able to diagnose people 's pain . he has an uncanny ability to put a finger on the human condition . " jakes ' new book he-motions illustrates the verity of the professor 's statement . in he-motions , jakes nails the issues and challenges christian men face today in trying to fulfill their many roles and pursue their dreams . jakes writes from his heart and soul as a pastor , father , husband and entrepreneur . in the opening pages , he describes his motivation for writing : " i want to share what i 've learned . i want to cut through so much of the junk imposed on men today and talk heart to heart about what it means to be a man , not in some touchy-feely group hug kind of way but in an honest , soul-bearing way , which also respects men and honors the women who love them and whom they love . " jakes thoroughly succeeds in fulfilling his desire for this book . not only does he address male readers , but he also targets female readers who hope to gain insights about men . jakes ' no-holds barred writing offers refreshing candor for those wanting an honest assessment of who they are and where they are in life . jakes writes about his childhood , his ministry , his family and his ups and downs in life-always tying stories to life lessons for readers . it does not take the reader long to discern that jakes possesses a vast breadth of wisdom and understanding about the inner workings of men in our culture . jakes writes that " a man must value himself . " he-motions can help readers make great strides in finding value in themselves-regardless of their circumstances . he encourages men to refuse to become discouraged but to keep moving toward their destiny while simultaneously enjoying the splendid moments of life 's journey . the book is written as if jakes is in the room having a one-on-one talk with the reader . if it was in fact such a talk , it would surely involve laughing , weeping , praying and dreaming . one such example of the conversational style is when jakes writes about balancing family and career . he writes , " i 'm here to tell you that if you do n't contain your work life and segregate it from your home life , then your career will consume the marriage like a campfire blazing outside of its circle of rocks and roaring into a life-threatening forest fire . " there is not an area of discussion where jakes lets men off the hook . he writes authoritatively about power , money and sex . in the financial arena , jakes commands readers , " stop asking god to bless an area where you refuse to obey his word for your life . " in one relationship area after another , jakes ' writing leads the reader to self-examination , awareness , forgiveness and improvement . his writing on subjects such as a man 's relationships with his father , children , wife , other men , time , money and god is honest and down to earth . it is also practical , as are the questions for men and women at the end of each chapter . throughout the book , jakes references the life of david to shed light on the above relationships from a biblical perspective . jakes encourages readers that " someone needs to know who you are and where you are at all times in your walk and life . " this book could be an effective tool to use in a discussion or accountability group to help people grow stronger relationships . i encourage men and women to take advantage of the wisdom and insights jakes shares in this book 
books pos 474.txt after talking to several pharmaceutical reps i know , i decided to shoot for a sales rep job myself . this book gives some very good insight into what it takes to land a job in the industry , what kind of people you 'll be dealing with , what the hiring pricess is like ( with particular emphasis on the interviews ) , and then what the job is like for people who manage to get hired . i 'm very glad that i took the time to read this book because , after finishing it , i realize that being a pharmaceutical sales rep sounds like one of the most horrible careers imaginable . obviously this is simply my own opinion , and i know there are plenty of people out there who enjoy this kind of work , but nearly every single thing about it , from the superficial way applicants are screened , to the shameless pandering that sales reps must do on the job , sounds simply awful to me . if you are considering a career as a drug rep , you should definitely do your homework to make sure it 's really something you would enjoy . this book may very well convince you that you would love it . if so , that 's great , and i hope you are successful . but if this kind of work is not right for you , this book can be equally helpful because you 'll find out by reading it what the job is really like . there are a lot of books on this subject on the market right now , and although this one was helpful , i have to say that i think insider 's guide to the world of pharmaceutical sales by jane williams is far more comprehensive and detailed than this one . if you only buy one book , definitely buy that one instead . but if you buy two books , pharmaceutical landing is a good second choice . one more thing : there 's some sweet irony about this book that i just have to report . the author goes to great lengths describing how he scrutinizes every single thing about job applicants , from their shoes to their body language . he also stresses well-written resumes and cover letters . one obvious piece of advice is that job applicants spell check everything before submitting it . imagine my surprise , then , when on the very next page it says candidates should " ...right a short paragraph.. . " about their job experiences . it seems to me that someone who is going to be as critical as this author is about job candidates ought to take the time to spell check his own book 
books pos 17.txt i loved this book . the food was really good and fast ( which is good because i have a very packed schedule ) . also great if you 're on a budget . the recipes have variations so i could eat different things but not have to buy a whole new set of ingrediants . the only reason it did n't get five stars was because some of the food was really spicy ( i 'm from texas , i like spicy ) , to the point my boyfriend could n't eat it . i just modified the recipes and everything was fine 
books pos 76.txt there is little more i can contribute to this literary masterpiece- -even though the essential structure of my review is clear in my mind , it will not be able to truly capture the magnificent splendor of this work . gustave flaubert was a conscientious literary artist who revised and perfected madame bovary with care . he worked on the novel for nearly six years , during which time he rewrote the manuscript several times , often spending days perfecting a single paragraph . the result of his painstaking creativity was a masterpiece that rivals the heavens with its beauty . madame bovary is a penetrating psychological study of its heroine , emma bovary , as she struggles to find fulfillment through a realization of her romantic fantasies of love and wealth . she exists in a dream world and longs for freedom from her middle-class humdrum lifestyle . flaubert 's realistic portrait of the tragic fate of this complex woman is nothing short of phenomenal . in perfect contrast to emma , flaubert introduces charles bovary , a proto-typical doctor who has no real talent or ambition and is content to enjoy the simple things that life has to offer . soon after their wedding , emma becomes disillusioned by the bumbling charles and yearns for a romantic interlude . flaubert represents the absolute clich of provincial life with his portrayal of this undemanding , unimpressive , and unnoticed middle-class man . flaubert brings all facets of human personas full-circle with the shy , well-mannered , and well-liked young man-next-door , leon . with a slow-blossoming relationship with emma , leon leaves for paris to study law . upon his return- -and with a little experience- -the two become lovers . flaubert 's portrayal of this dysfunctional couple is reminiscent of tragic romances of yore . thereafter , the degeneracy of emma 's lifestyle is evident , and she is brought to the brink of destruction . in madame bovary , gustave flaubert gives us a vivid and life-like glance into the reality and the mannerisms and the customs of small-town people living in france during the mid-nineteenth-century . flaubert 's descriptions are detailed and beautiful- -and paint a real portrait of the natural world he is describing . opening with first-person narration that sometimes shifts to third-person has earned gustave flaubert the reputation as one of the most celebrated and influential novelists of the nineteenth century 
books pos 645.txt though no book will make you a filmmaker , some will help you refine your vision . this book , for me , added some poetry and texture to the imagery already in my mind . pretty much the only thing that will improve your film skills , is making them 
books pos 446.txt this volume contains 152 middle length sutras which are mainly sermons to monks on buddhist practices . having compared the pali original with the translation of about 12 sutras i would give it a high fidelity rating . the appendix contains extensive notes which discuss the text from the viewpoint of the theravada commentaries . a must read for those who want to learn or study using original source material and do not read pali . the introduction contains valuable material on buddhism by a bhikkhu long " gone-forth " . 
books pos 97.txt an excellent book for anyone that barbecues 
books pos 885.txt mark l . sirower 's thought-provoking and complex book is actually a critically acclaimed academic study that challenges the reasoning behind corporate acquisitions . pointing out that acquisitions usually devalue the acquiring companies ( a loss from which they rarely recover ) , sirower delves into management fundamentals and mathematical analyses to get to the bottom of merger and acquisition problems . three detailed appendices feature plenty of financial calculations , performance measures and data from various corporate acquisitions to back up his assertions . we [...] recommend this book to those involved in mergers and acquisitions and to other readers intrigued by the inside view of this " carnivorous quest . 
books pos 675.txt these came yesterday and i started using them right away . i was able to learn ( for recognition only ) 12 new jlpt3 kanji in under 30 minutes so this product is definitely worth it . before using this i learned all jlpt4 kanji by writing it over and over again on scratch paper . that was a more thorough method but ive decided that for now , recognition is more important than writing so wrp flashcards are a big help . as others have noted , they have a nice look and feel to them . all nihongo students should have this in their arsenal . you 'll definitely have an advantage over fellow classmates who waste valuable time making their own flashcards . 
books pos 999.txt this is a simple book to read through for younger children . written by native americans it is a " thanksgiving " book from their point of view , why native americans have always celebrated thanksgiving . it has no mention of pilgrams or not fully proven , overly romanticized stories as most thanksgivings are but simply a beautiful description of the season , the great harvest and respect for the world around them . a book of why the native americans gave thanks during this beautiful season 
books pos 594.txt my 8 year old daughter brought this book home from her school library and was excited by many of the projects . from a parent 's point of view it was great to have a book with achievable craft projects which yield items the child can be proud of and parents will happily display . i 'm ordering it now 
books pos 529.txt shadowbred by paul kemp is simply an excellent book . the story is incredibly engrossing , the atmosphere set for each scene is really top-notch , and the journey paul takes his character 's through is really incredible . we see personal demons and struggles of the heroes . struggles with faith , the journey of an anti-hero to a hero and whether he can really make this journey . the villains are equally deep and interesting and frankly human . if you are a fan of fantasy literature , definitely pick this one up - you wo n't regret it . as a side note , you might want to pick up the previous books by paul featuring erevis cale as well 
books pos 36.txt tom friedman 's writing style is easy to read and his overarching concepts-webs and walls ; states v . markets v . individuals ; and the comprehensive failure of the arab street , leadership and muslim clergy to combat the really tough and valid questions of the day-are extremely well thought-out . from reading this compilation of nyt columns , i understand where friedman conceived many of his ideas for his current best-selling book , ' the world is flat . ' although i sometimes disagree with his opinions , his ability to see the big picture is spot on 
books pos 764.txt while i consider myself a regular theatre-goer , i 've always been aware of kramer 's plays and opinions , yet i have n't seen nor read either of these two plays . that changed this past weekend when i saw the revival of normal heart currently playing off-broadway . this is a viscerally emotional piece of theatre and it makes one feel impassioned about what was going on in the world then and sheds a new light as to what 's going on now in regards to the hiv / aids crisis . it 's a must red if you do n't have a chance to see it 
books pos 402.txt i received this as a gift . very happy read . captures thoughts you hope your best friend has 
books pos 786.txt this book is for anyone who has ever questioned their faith , lost a loved one , or yearned to understand life just a bit more . sarah darer littman has captured justine silver , a confused jewish girl , within the pages of confessions of a closet catholic . justine is surrounded by her faith , but no one seems to celebrate it the same way . her parents have one idea , her grandparents another . and then there are all those other religions - - which way is the " right " way ? bewildered by this , justine seeks answers by deciding to adopt her best friend 's catholic beliefs . with the help of father ted ( a stuffed animal ) , a secretly purchased rosary , and a " stolen " cross necklace , jussy turns her closet into her own private " confessional " . what will happen when her family finds out ? littman humorously and compassionately shows the readers justine 's life as she struggles with her religious questions , her neat-nick mother , and , sadly , the death of her beloved grandmother . readers might not find out all the answers from justine , but they will definitely know they are not alone in the mysterious world of religion . reviewed by : sally kruger , aka " readingjunky 
books pos 85.txt pest control is a light-hearted book which uses a fast pace and off-the-wall humor to make up for any depth problems . standard story . upstart assassin bursts onto the scene , creating mayhem in the world of professional killers . problem . upstart assassin ca n't even fulfill a contract to rid a restaurant of roaches , let alone kill some of the most guarded men in the world . the story of bob dillon 's flirtation with contract killers is a page-turner . not really out of suspense , because you ca n't imagine that fitzhugh would subject his characters to anything other than a fairy-tale ending , but out of unabated curiosity . you want to know how in the heck dillon and his cohorts will survive to breed another strain of hybrid bug-eating bugs . of course fitzhugh answers with simple and hilarious solutions which are , towards the end of the book , more and more absurd and predictable . overall , i 'm slightly embarrassed that i like this book as much as do . nonetheless , i would recommend it to anyone looking for an easy and humorous read 
books pos 996.txt as a boy , i was fascinated by looking at all of the drawings and descriptions in this diary . it gave me a great appreciation for life in the us in the early 1800s , and the fortitude and ingenuity of our forefathers . i have found that the magic still holds , as i read it to each of my sons when they were about 8. they still love the basic how-to descriptions which bring frontier construction to life 
books pos 379.txt this book , unlike morris 's work on hillary , is actually worth reading , because its perspective and analysis of our 42nd president is fascinating . though the title is a little tiresome ( and becomes especially so when morris continues to say throughout the book ` why ? because he could ! ' ) the book is a fast page turner . i particularly enjoyed morris 's portrayal of clinton as one who only came to life around other people : if they were happy , he was , if they were in distress , he felt their pain . a master of reading people and changing according to their feelings , clinton was perfectly suited to becoming a president who ruled by polls . enter dick morris . as clinton 's chief poller , he also became , at one time , his chief political advisor . and clinton needed one . as ` my life ' by clinton shows , the president had no overall strategy and failed to see events as interconnected . for him , each issue needed to be examined individually and with clinton , that was a laborious endeavor : the prez had the painful habit of considering each argument with equal weight , and therefore was extremely indecisive and cautious to take action . result ? fiasco 's like waco , somalia , bosnia and health care reform . more seriously for the future : the loss of the congress to the republicans ( over ten years now and counting ) and the failure to stop bin laden . morris gives credit where credit is due though : clinton 's work on welfare reform cut the roll books in half and the tough work on deficit reduction allowed the economic boom of the 1990s to take place . also interesting , was clinton 's use of the presidency as a bully pulpit for families and education : an issue that was local politics , and therefore cost clinton nothing in the budget but brought in massive political capital . read this book before reading clinton 's ` my life' . why ? because morris points out the inconsistencies and just plain untruths contained therein . also , morris says that the president 's autobiography is the ` rosetta stone ' that decodes clinton . if that is the case , then morris is certainly the interpreter . 
books pos 714.txt the book gives you the tech you need , in terms you can understand . calder is very impressive in his ability to impart knowledge to the layman . do n't however , assume this is just fluff overview , because it truly is the down and dirty of how it works and how to maintain it . 
books pos 244.txt gaylife on the english countryside is like everywhere , you never know when your bf ( boyfriend ) gets bored with you . the battle with london 's competitive nightlife makes you reguarly ask yourself : & quot ; what have i to offer&quot ; ? the efforts to entertain your bf are as tiresome as the question how organize your own life so it wo n't get dull . and once you got things fixed you yourself run into this willing guy . the tragicomedy the spell tells the story of four men , robin , the ageing architect who enjoys his life together with his younger bf justin , a witty layabout , robin 's son danny , a georgeous body dealing in superficiality and justin 's former lover alex , a well-mannered young man in search for consistency . to find out if they all get what they want is a truly delicious way to spend your time . the story is written out of the perspective of all leading parts and therefore very nicely ballanced . hollinghurst is gifted with a great sense of attentiveness . his characters show many different moods caused by tiny events . every self-assured attitude is merciless exposed . i recognized myself and my friends many times without realizing this ever before . it made me smile and reassured me . i think this is hollinghurst 's most post-modern novel . unlike the swimming-pool library 's sexual odyssee this is a splintered glimps into life and how down to earth it can be 
books pos 320.txt noah webster 's book is fascinating reading for today 's students and teachers alike , as well as for the average citizen , as there is much to learn from it . while it may be inappropriate to resurrect it as an official school text , it certainly has a place in every school library . one of the most notable features is the comprehensive phonetic system used , with diacritical marks ( accents ) applied to all relevant vowels and consonants ; words are divided according to syllables and stress . it also spells the names of letters of the alphabet ; something which tends to be ignored in modern teaching . the terminology of traditional grammar is used , and there are copious word lists , with words grouped according to common factors . i have no hesitation in recommending this book to all students of the english language for the above reasons and for many other interesting aspects ( now-archaisms:thy / thou.. . ; foreign words and phrases ; abbreviations explained ; punctuation ; etc ) . this book should remain a spelling classic 
books pos 562.txt what a great account of the nations oldest law enforcement agency . the book is full of information about the marshals service , it 's mission , and it 's history . you 'll also get to know some interesting personalities in the marshals service along the way . i am a deputy sheriff myself , as well as a history buff . from that perspective , i throughly enjoyed this book and could n't put it down . mr. sabbag , thanks for a great look into the world of the u.s. marshals . and as for deputy u.s. marshal victor oboyski - i 'd be happy to & quot ; do a door&quot ; with you anytime 
books pos 558.txt i think that the beginning of the book was the worst part . he started by telling us that he was leaving and was n't going to tell anyone . he did n't even say goodbye to a lady friend . so he tells us that he 's leaving and then he goes back into the past . back when he was a little kid . he tells about different experiances . how he had to stay in bed for almoxt five years . he tells about all the troubles that his family went through . the end was the best part . i usually hate the endings but this one was good . this bool is meant for older people who like english books . or is it ireland . i think it was set in irelan 
books pos 666.txt this unusual love story , set with the background of war and rainy london is beautiful and intoxicating . the characters are palpable and beautiful both in their strengths and thoughts . an engrossing book ( i could n't put it down , yet i dreaded the end ) that should be read by anyone in search of beauty or life 
books pos 206.txt when i first read the title , my first thought is " i know this , i 've heard it before " . that is how i felt . until i read the book . what an eye opener ! i happen to be one who rarely gets sick , and recovers quickly when i do . i also tend to opt for a healthier life style . however , there is a family history of cancer . in reading this book , i realized that there is even more that i need to be doing to protect myself and my family . dr. rapp has done a considerable amount of research and shares her findings with the reader . research references are listed at the end of each chapter for those wanting to learn even more . if you own a home you need to read this book . if you rent a home or apartment , you need to know the information in this book . if you golf or live near a golf course , this book is for you . if you have children or grandchildren in school , consider reading this book 
books pos 941.txt i am finding this book quite helpful to getting to know myself better and to have greater control over my emotional responses , or mood . the authors guide you through several approaches of specific steps you should take to get to know some of your core beliefs , which they say may be causing depression . you are free to choose the approach that works best for you , but you do need to try them all to see what works . it is quite time consuming . one of the approaches requires you to record your activities and asses your mood every hour . the instructions are clear and concice and examples provided are helpful , however it does take a true commitment . i suppose it may be fair to say that true change most often does take real work 
books pos 203.txt i teach a grade 5 / 6 enrichment program and am always looking for unique , stimulating material . i have already written a fan letter to mr. zacarro about his challenge math book . it is amazing . every teacher should have a copy . i did n't hesitate to buy the 10 things all future mathematicians and scientists must know : but are rarely taught and was again amazed . it is so good ! each chapter is a different & quot ; truth&quot ; about what math and science give us and the examples and stories used are interesting , poignant and relevant . my kids love it and i hear them applying what they learn from this book to current events and problem solving . it will realy make them think . if you teach math or science to kids in grades 6 and up , you will be giving them a great gift by using this book in your classroom ! you may find yourself taking it home to read yourself at night too 
books pos 301.txt it kept me guessing till the end ! i did n't want to put it down . the only part that i would have changed would have been that the one lady would have lived . ca n't wait to read her next book . 
books pos 13.txt a quick search in amazon books under the name " benjamin franklin " comes up with 2403 matches . based upon that criteria , many people would say that everything that could be said or that needs to be said about ben franklin has been said . those people would be emphatically wrong , as has been proven by author and historian h.w. brands in his work on franklin , the first american : the life and times of benjamin franklin . brands expertly brings this pivotal figure in american history , back to life , once more , in this book which was a pulitzer finalist in 2002. this book is not only about franklin , but its pages are dotted with an unbelievable cast of secondary characters . brands brings the friends and acquaintances of franklin to life , ranging from cotton mather to sir isaac newton . the book also spans the life of franklin from his humble beginnings in boston to world acclaim as one of the pivotal architects of american society and government . i believe this is the finest biography written on franklin since van doren 's pulitzer prize winner of some seventy years ago . of course , a book about franklin would be incomplete without also being about the creation and formation of america , as the two are intricately attached . but brands ' work here is all inclusive , giving us not only the politics of franklin , but his creative genius , business sense and so much more we 've grown to appreciate about this senior statesman in american history . i have no idea how many biographies i have read about benjamin franklin , but this is definitely one of the best ever . h.w. brands has a wonderful writing style with flowing narrative , meticulous detail and is one of the few franklin biographers who successfully point the reader to franklin 's human side rather than keeping the attention on his mythical status . monty rainey www.juntosociety.co 
books pos 897.txt this is the best review of the jfk assassination that i have seen . there is still a large " assassination industry , " which can afford to find documents that you have n't read and charge you with ignorance if you have n't read them , and find 15 more if you read them . this gives a common-sense overview that seems quite reasonable . i trust it . i am always willing to consider other opinions , but the balance of evidence has always indicated that oswald acted alone . it would be nice to have a new edition of this book. . 
books pos 421.txt this is a cleverly constructed book of several parts and a few recurring motifs . jones , a welsh methodist , everton fc supporter , london hack and oxford ( arts ? ) graduate , goes to live in parma , italy where his beloved has established herself . he divides his book into nine separate chapters and tries to weave them together as well as his excellent english and his motifs will allow . the first chapter discusses nuances of the italian language and he uses those nuances to propound that italy is a much more nuanced country than england and that its culture is infinitely more refined . an entire chapter brings the nuances of italian culture to bear on football and he waxes very lyrical about the local youth and whatever immigrants are around playing ball as the sun goes down . the football allows us to place italian village life in our minds and to empathize very much with it . the last chapter is an entire ode to italy . it is written largely in the second person and it tells of " you " going through the village and everything there appealing to the aesthetic in " you " . the english is beautiful and it achieves its purpose in making you close the book with a warm glow . mission accomplished . the chapter on italy 's catholic religion and its protestant and other minorities could have done with much improvement . italy 's catholicism is more complicated than the padre pio cult and the protestants of the north surely have their faults as well . the chapter looks like it came from several previous publications he wrote . the politics chapters build on the hypothesis that the fascist and proto communist factions are still at war with each other and that politicians like berlusconi exploit this for their own nefarious ends . he does a good job of tying the warring world war two factions in with the protagonists and antagonists of later squabbles . he does not like berlusconi and his polished prose does not quite hide this fact . my opinion of this book is that jones sat down with his material and tied it all together into a very passable but rather superficial book which is nevertheless well worth the money being charged . 
books pos 499.txt alliterative analogies , assertively assembled , appear aplenty , appropriately , apt and artful , absorbing attention ad infinitum . this could be a fitting summary of abish 's stunningly & quot ; now&quot ; novel , written almost a quarter of a century ago with a linguistic device concocted between kabbala and alliteration . chapter 1 is composed with words beginning only with the letter a , chapter 2 with a and b and so on until chapter 27 , when z first , then chapter by chapter all other letters , are progressively subtracted . in spite of a scheme tracing back to the beginning of written literature , the novel tells of deeds and characters so surprisingly contemporary , they may have been culled from today 's headlines : polysexually inclined thugs hide in africa after a crime spree , with the author in pursuit of the woman who betrayed them . chasing after the thugs from country to country , we are introduced to a ruler queen transvestite , war and genocide , corrupted burocrats and soldiers , rampant corruption in a landscape still in hot air , where sparsely assembled people wollow in african indolence . all is narrated with poetic detachment , in a dimension between joke and dream that implies social , political and historical commentary with what appears linguistical accidentality : it is just that the words were limited by my artifice , reader , the author seems to smile . no harm intended . perhaps : the scenario may have seemed so far fetched in 1974 , to have been deemed the product of unabridged fantasy . great art , when unhindered , relates to the whole of time , in all tenses . while amusing , abish has managed a ponderous read , which meandering on through verisimilar everyday history of attitudes and practices , inserts deep philosophical reflections as light as the puns enclosing them and extends like a prophecy to contemporary events . attentive readers will delight in finding the one slip from the add-subtract letter scheme . and wonder : was it accidental ? & quot ; in order to be perfect , all i lack is a defect&quot ; goes an ancient italian folk ironic couplet 
books pos 18.txt the ny times book review linked this novel to the aftermath of 9-11 , but that may have more to do with the preoccupation of new yorkers than with the story powers wrote . while he does refer to 9-11 early on , this book concerns environmentalism and species conservation versus wrong-headed economic development in the great plains at the western edge of the midwestern farming belt . it is about the struggle not to loose even more economic ground relative to the rest of america in a region that is being slowly drained of its population due to the changing scale of agricultural operations . but since it is a richard powers novel , it is also about much more : neuro-physiology , brain function as reflected in behavior and personality , the devotion of a 30ish sister to her less-able younger brother , her sexual relations with two very different men , and a nationally-known writer ( clearly modeled on oliver sachs ) who has a late mid-life crisis . it is about love , devotion , and doing as much of the right thing as one can do . it involves escape and return . clearly , powers should not be considered a regional writer . his books have been set entirely or partly in brooklyn , manhattan , philadelphia , l . a . , the pacific northwest , and the continent of europe . but several books by powers are set in the midwest where he is based . readers who know something of the areas in which those stories are set will gain an extra measure of appreciation for the skillful way powers incorporates subtle regional characteristics into these novels . as others have said , this is probably not the best novel this writer has given us , although it is quite carefully plotted , and full of the marvelous insights we have come to expect from him . i prefer the goldbug variations , three farmers on their way to a dance , and , despite my own musical illiteracy , in the time of our singing . but even when powers is not quite at his best , he writes a better book than most novelists ever manage ever to produce . read , enjoy , learn 
books pos 467.txt i truly enjoyed the beautiful photos in this book . lots of ideas and details in the photos . it would be hard for you not to pick up some ideas for your own home- --just from looking at the photos . well done 
books pos 990.txt though only a fraction of books have been written about the great war when compared to wwii , there are some great ones to pick from . for instance , for a great narrative of the american involvement in world war i , try the doughboys by gary mead . for a good look at the events of gallipoli , just last year john laffin wrote the agony of gallipoli , which is a wonderful brief book on that travesty of warfare . there is a great book which chronicles verdun called the price of glory by alistair horne . the list goes on and on , whether it be flanders , the somme , passchendaele , africa , jutland , whatever your area of interest might be . the point i 'm making is , there are plenty of specialized accounts of world war i , and even several overviews of the war , but john keegan 's the first world war , is a great source for an overall study of the war . this book covers it all , in brief detail . accounts are given on virtually every facet of the war and even some of the best insight available for the events which led up to the war itself . every aspect of the war is given its due diligence here . i 've never been a big fan of keegan . his writing , to me , is a struggle at times . this book is no exception . it reads somewhat like a 500 page textbook and borders on tedious at times . but as much as i dislike his stuffy british writing style , he is a virtual historical genius . his knowledge and research of the events cannot be faulted , and he writes , for the most part , without imparting his own commentary . in fact , without prior knowledge , one would hardly surmise that keegan is himself , british . the big exception to that is keegan 's typically british hard line stance of not giving the american forces their just dues . in this aspect , he even contradicts himself in several places . he goes to great length to illustrate to the reader that in the early months of 1918 , germany was still very much capable of winning the war . the western front had been bolstered by the arrival of german troops from the now defunct eastern front . the new soldiers from the east brought with them , battle hardened experience and a mindset that they could triumph , as they had in the east . he goes on to tell of how effective german advances had been in early april , advancing a fifty mile wide front over twenty miles in a matter of days . he then follows this sort of information with telling the reader how , though ambitious and courageous , the american forces were largely inconsequential to the conclusion of the war . when he does acknowledge american victory , it is quickly followed with excuses for the german forces . that said , if you 're seeking information about just how american forces rallied to bring an end to over four years of war in a matter of a few months , this book will infuriate you . however , if you are looking for a good overview of the war as a whole , this is one of the best out there . i should add , the book has a quite lengthy notes and bibliography section for further study . monty rainey [...] 
books pos 912.txt i recently finished reading this book . this is really a great book and gave me some insight into my own behaviour . it would be fair to say that this book has great value to those who get through first 3 chapters and understand the theory behind rest of the book . some reviewers have written about the validity of the theory iteself . while i am not qualified to comment on these reviews , one thing i can definitely conclude is that this book provides a solid base to those who are trying to understand their own behaviour and trying to achieve improvements in it . a theory , that too developed quarter century ago , can not be expected to stand 100% vindicated today . the more importent question is what use you are trying to put it to . so may be for a psyciatrist this is not a great book but for a layman like myself this book explains most of the things . after reading this book i could find out why i behave the way i behave mostof the times . to a certain extent i learnt to control my responses . also i have a feeling that the claims made by dr. harris might be quite right in 1972 in light of the knowledge , then prevalent . second objection seems to be dividing 5 or 6 billion population in 4 types of people . i think this conclusion is far from correct . dr. harris has repeated said that most of the people belong to " i am not ok and you are ok " category . out of the remaining 3 cattttegories 2 are shared by people who have not had proper childhood and the fourth is achieved by enlightenment of an individual . the objective here is not to merely categorize , but to show that how most of us have the common position " i am not ok and you are ok " . now this should not be taken as a gross simplification of human nature , but as a fundamental problem in human psycology that prevents one from producing rational responses . third critisism on this book stems from the fact dr. harris seems to quote philosophers with whom he does not agree 100%. it seems ludicrous to suggest that one must agree 100% with somebody else to merely quote a subsection which both of them agree upon . i do n't think dr. harris wrote this book to declare to the world that he belongs to or believes in a certain academic thought 100%. the books surely derives from various thoughts put forward by various intellectuals ( with whom he does not agree 100% ) for the benefit of the reader . to call this approach pretentious is pretentious iteself . i feel that reader should not by biased by comments made by reviewers . read this book with an open mind . read the chapeters on pac and marriage , pac and children , pac and social implications , pac and moral values . in this world that is becoming more and more crooked every other day , it tries to teach something good ( and this good is not subjective or relative but absolute ) . thanks 
books pos 8.txt the best book on the history of world war ii that i 've read in a long time . the title has three meanings : 1. it can refer to the gunner at the back of a bomber . the brits called these people ' rear gunners . ' the yanks used the term ' tail gunner . ' it 's the most dangerous position in the plane . 2. the last plane in the formation . this was more true in the american combat box than in british usage . this position is difficult to hold because it is at the end of a string and every move by the lead ship propagates irregularily through the formation . it is also more dangerous as enemy fighters can attack this ship more easily since there are n't so many guns pointing that direction . 3. it can refer to the bombing missions near the end of the war . this splendid book covers all three of these meanings . in addition it does an excellent job of discussing the power and importance of air power in the defeat of germany 
books pos 396.txt i do n't think customer lee kane is quite right when he says that tag gallagher 's labour-of-love book is mainly about the films . gallagher 's writing is spare and lean but he gives at least as much biography as the purely biographical books 
books pos 772.txt this is a highly informative and accurate book . it presents the data in a clear and graphic form , with a minimum of statistical manipulation . the studies cited by the previous reviewer , lloyd rowsey , are based on econometric modeling . since the one he mentions , two other econometric models of abortion and homicide have been published with opposite results . one is by ted joyce , the other by john lott and john whitney . econometric modeling can prove anything . if you want to understand crime in america in the 1990s , buy the crime drop 
books pos 136.txt this book is beautifully constructed , concise , gracefully written , and should be of immense help to most golfers . if you 've read ernest jones , percy boomer , or jimmy ballard ( for example ) and enjoyed the insights but found it difficult to transfer the written word to your swing , try " the keys ... " : you will read a book that may finally lead you to improve your game . my swing improved markedly after i came to understand author mcteigue 's " lighthouse turn " ( lesson two : momentum ) . 
books pos 503.txt halfway through it and it is very good concerning the difficulties that physicians who are married or in a serious relationships face thoughout their careers . a good read for those entering the profession and a must read for those recently married 
books pos 527.txt explodes upon the crime-detective scene . the hundreth man , his first book was excellent and the death collectors is as good and even better . ca n't wait for the next one ! why this is an amazon sale item befuddles me . but since it is , grab this bargain while you can because it is a terrific novel ! the psit team of lapd , carson ryder and harry nautilus are faced with a dual-time mystery . more than 30 years in the past , a serial killer with a following of mesmerized women who adore him , is killed in the courtroom the day he is sentenced . and now ; starting with the grizzly find of a murdered prostitute in a seedy motel room...it seems as though the serial killer has risen from the dead to continue his reign of terror . each time a new murder surfaces the killer is a step ahead and just out of reach of carson and harry . the touch of subtle humor adds bas-relief without taking anything away from the thread of the story and lightens it tension for brief seconds at a time.perfect ! the murders are freakish ! disgusting ! brutal ! but the two psit detectives refuse to give up and what finally unravels the twisted cloth of this old / new mystery will knock you out of your chair . a truly masterfully plotted novel with two familiar and charismatic ' partners against crime' . a series to follow and enjoy . get both of kerley 's books and double your pleasure ! try them , you 'll like them and you 'll love jack kerley . i promise ! ! 
books pos 452.txt i ordered several of these for gifts for my family . it is one of the " forever " books to keep for the rest of your life . 
books pos 406.txt this unforgettable story illustrates the crazy , life-changing adventure of a seventeen-year-old boy who struggles to let go of his fading childhood and accept the phoniness of the adult world . holden caulfield 's loneliness and lack of motivation combined with a traumatic childhood cause him to leave behind his youthful days at pencey prep to venture into the dynamic adult world of new york city . holden tries to hide his youthful innocence as he mirrors the habits of other adults , going to bars , drinking , and purchasing prostitutes . however , his bickering and sarcastic attitude suggest a hidden desire to stay young , a desire he stubbornly buries beneath his new , mature lifestyle . holden , like many others , longs to live in a place that is simple and motionless , a place where one need n't worry about the past or the future . holden also hopes to preserve the innocence in others , such as his sister , so they do n't turn out like him , depressed and regretful . through salinger 's vibrant attitude towards holden 's experience in new york , we readers learn to stop running from our past to prevent losing our youth altogether . the catcher in the rye has survived generations as one of the world 's best bildungsromans , not because it illustrates the fading youth and growing maturity of a memorable character , but because it demonstrates the confusion of a character as he fights desperately to protect what remains of his childhood 
books pos 528.txt this is a very interesting book , particularly on the early restrictionists . it gave me a new perspective on why americans restricted immigration in the early 20th century , and gave me historical insight into today 's immigration policy crisis 
books pos 387.txt i enjoyed this book , but then again i always enjoy sue miller 's novels.she has this way of making me feel close to her main characters . so anyway sue , is lottie ok ? has she found contentment in life ? please write me at babz@aol.com . i am about to read & quot ; the distinguished guest&quot ; - -i heard it was really great ! i 'll let you know . bar 
books pos 5.txt i read this book many , many years ago on a very long flight . i could n't put it down . the philosophy is simple ; live frugally , save / invest money every month , and you too can be a millionaire . it 's great advice , especially in this day and age when the younger generation wants the big house , expensive car , and everything else right now , with no regard to the future . although some of the info is dated ( enron being named as a great company to invest ) , and some other advice ( putting new soles on old shoes ) is a bit much , the general message makes plenty of sense . 
books pos 376.txt they are books like those written by stephen ambrose which keep the flame of my interest in reading of times and events of long ago burning . some have accused ambrose of taking too many liberties with the facts . to those i would say , bah humbug ! this book is well written and worthy of the readers time , unless , of course , you are a " fact-checker " , in which case the original sources , to the extent they even exist , might be more to your liking . for orginary joe 's , like me , mr. ambrose has provided a good deal of reading entertainment and information . i would strongly recommend this book to anyone who wants to be transported in time and place to the high plains during the indian wars 
books pos 955.txt excellent book , if you are interest in ancient egypt , read this book , you 'll learn a lot of interesting facts about the valley of the kings , the pharaohs , etc. 
books pos 242.txt be aware that the reviews for a book are displayed not only for one edition , but for all editions under the same title . the oxford philosophical texts edition of hume 's " treatise " should be the standard student edition . the prometheus books edition is cheap , but it does not include a modern introduction or any study notes . i recommend the oxford philosophical texts version if you want or need more than just the raw text 
books pos 571.txt a very intense book on print making . a must have book for serious artists , who want to expand in their field . lots and lots of contacts in back of book maiking it easy to find anyone you need for print making ! a 
books pos 614.txt this book teaches poetic technique clearly while remaining friendly and encouraging . my second-semester poetry creative writing students use this book as a text together with michael j . bugeja 's art and craft of poetry 
books pos 426.txt this book provides a fine introduction to the myths of northern europe . the book examines the few remnants we have in the forms of epic poems and prose , written by christian writers after the fact - the eddas , beowulf , and the viking sagas . from these sources , especially the edda , the author reconstructs the myths and stories relating to the norse gods and their subsequent twilight in ragnarok . then , the author seeks to answer various questions about this myth and determine whatever relation it may have had to the original religion of the northern european peoples . the figures of odin , thor , loki , balder , and the rest of the norse gods play an important part in our european cultural heritage and it is nice to see them presented in an introduction as here . whatever underlying mental constructs are behind such accounts as that of ragnarok ( the twilight of the gods ) they certainly appear to be universal to the human race , as revealed in all forms of apocalyptic literature . ultimately these beliefs died a rather easy death at the hands of the christian worldview . whatever your personal opinion about the replacement of the pagan beliefs by christianity and whether or not the pagan beliefs should be resurrected or remain buried , you will certainly profit from reading this book and it will help you to better understand northern europe in pre-christian times . finally , it must be noted that in many ways , at least in my opinion , the society of the vikings was superior to our own . i admire the strong sense of individualism that the vikings expressed and enjoy greatly reading about their heroic feats 
books pos 884.txt we have now entered a second time of deep concern for the science , math , and technological education for everyone . the first one occurred after the sputnik fiasco , when the russians beat us in the race to reach space . the concern now has risen due to what science groups such as the american association for the advancement of science , and educators saw in comparison of assessments made of students in the u.s. and those in other developed countries , such as japan . the answer to this concern was for the aaas along with other groups to put out a guideline as to what constitutes scientific literacy , and what the public in the u.s. should at least know to be scientifically literate . as usual , though the aaas addressed the fact that certain groups in the u.s. were not being ' included ' in the pursuit of science literacy , such as women and racial minorities , in this their first book they skipped over those of us with disabilities . since this is a major concern of mine and the area in which i do research , i was appalled to see they neglected ' us ' once again , especially as the aaas has a separate department dealing with the disabled / deaf . in spite of this mistake , the writing of this book has laid the groundwork for universities and colleges as to what the teachers they train should know and be able to teach so that our country can be more scientifically literate . with new information being made available through newspapers and the internet on a daily basis , it is absolutely imperative that all adults regardless of race , gender , or ability be able to glean the information they need from this outpouring of information to make decisions requiring informed consent in health care , decisions on employment ( since health care is one of the top employers in the u.s. today ) , and to teach their children . this book was the beginning , but it is n't the end . more books have further elucidated what is required for science literacy from both the aaas and other science groups . this is the place to start if you are an educator of any kind who wants their students to become scientifically literate . karen sadler , science education , university of pittsburgh , klsst23@pitt.ed 
books pos 209.txt what a wonderful book . it 's too bad so many readers today know only tom wolfe , not thomas wolfe . even though it has been at least 10 years since reading look homewood angel , i knew almost immediately when i came to the new sections . they add a depth to the novel , bringing in the whole town and relatives , rather being only about eugene gant . my favorite wolfe readings involve trains ; the experience about time stopping for a moment when you look into the eyes of someone looking directly at you into the train , is exactly as i remember my earlier train rides.what are they doing now , that the train has passed ? other 800 page books might be dull , but not this one . having been given it as a present recently , i am very surprised and disappointed that it is already ' out of print . &quot ; more people should know about o lost 
books pos 984.txt a love story between a couple that does not want to bein love . very good book , like all that i 've read from this author . 
books pos 720.txt what if you 're a runaway secret agent , really , really , really tired of the war . then some geek tells you he 's found a genuine martian artifact leading to a spaceship . what would you do ? annoyingly , as you set out to recover the spaceship , there 's just a little bit of sabotage . and there 's the war , still . and then there 's the spaceship . and you uncover something of why the martians have abandoned space as you know it . it 's takeshi . taking the lead . uncovering a big secret . trying to find a way out of war , only to discover there 's been little change since the martians left . no change , really . there 's still a war. . 
books pos 585.txt thirty five years ago my high school ( thomas jefferson , in federal way , washington ) held annual competitions in mathematics . they did it in the form of a test that came bound in a small white booklet , just was a few pages long . there were n't many questions , perhaps a dozen or two ( usually in the form of story problems ) , but they required deep thought and concentration ( at least for me ) . i still remember the feeling of excitement and trepidation as i took the " white book " and opened it to the first problem . several hours later i 'd consider myself accomplished if i 'd managed to completely answer more than half the questions . ian stewart 's book reminds me of those tests . here 's a sampling of what 's inside : 1 ) mrs. anne-lida worm decides she wants a new couch , and tells mr. worm to get it for her , while she goes shopping for a new tight for baby wermintrude . but anne-lina does n't want just any couch . she wants the biggest possible couch that can be carried down the hall in their house , and around the 90-degree hall at the end . what shape does the couch have , and how big is it ? this is a truly riveting story . will mr. worm solve the couch problem in time ? 2 ) alberto wants to conduct tests on grapes , evaluating the influence of different soils . he wants to conduct experiments to see how different soils and exposure to the sun affects the quality of wine . his land is on a hillside , though , which is narrow , so he can plant only three varieties of grape on each plot of land . how can he arrange things so that he tests all seven varieties of grapes when they are arranged so that each plot contains exactly three different species , where any two plots have exactly one variety in common , and any two varieties lie in exactly one common plot ? sixteen chapters make up this book . though their titles are whimsical , the mathematical problems aren't . some are still unsolved . even though these problems fit in what would probably be called recreational mathematics , they are fiendishly cleaver with solutions , and developed insight along the way , that are at once challenging and rewarding . here 's a sample of some of other topics discussed in stewart 's book : how might one transport a lion , llama , and head of lettuce in a boat , across a lake , without leaving any two species where one might eat the other in the absence of a caretaker ? how can you calculate the temperature and entropy of a curve ? how can one even talk sensibly about a curve having temperature and entropy in the first place ? suppose that you need to tile a room , and the tiles come in odd shapes . is there anyway to know if the tiling problem has a solution ? can mathematics tell us things about evolution , such as whether or not evolution comes gradually or in spurts ( or both ) ? this is a fun , lighthearted book , but the mathematical problems and puzzles it discusses will really make you think . i enjoy reading as i exercise on my elliptical machine . i get double the sense of accomplishment when i can read and workout at the same time . ordinarily , i can estimate how long i 've been on the machine by how many pages i 've read - 20 pages in 40 minutes is about average . but with stewart 's book i had to be careful . several times i found that i 'd worked out for an hour and only managed to cover half-a-dozen pages or so . if you love mathematics , particularly mathematical puzzles , then this is a book you 'll really enjoy . it has many problems for the reader , with answers at the back of each chapter . if you do the problems and understand everything in the book , in detail , it will occupy many hours of your time . all in deep thought and utter enjoyment . 
books pos 980.txt sadly , as a rule , i have no great interest in history . but ms. behrman 's approach brings the person of thomas jefferson to life in a way that appeals to all ages . she puts personality and emotion into her writing which makes potentially dull facts , dates and events brim with energy . this is a wonderful series and she does it justice in every way 
books pos 775.txt when someone goes to the time and effort to expose the watertower bible company and death brokers , they get five stars from me . america is overflowing with former jehovah 's witnesses that are now living shattered lives . so , the more such books there are saturating the market , the more likely it is someone will read just the right book that will keep them from getting involved in this end of the world death-cult . or help a poor suffering jw find their way out . david reed , thank you for both of your fine books . may they be read far and wide and in between ! read i was a teenage jehovah 's witness and jehovah unmasked for two of the wildest rides ever ! 
books pos 624.txt i knew the government was a little crooked...but when i read this....well...lets just say i dont trust the government anymore . its a very great book , and fills you in on some information that you might have missed 
books pos 704.txt this is an emotionally charged , witty , and brilliantly told drama of four friends struggling to understand marriage , divorce , intamacy , and each other . one of the best plays i 've seen / read 
books pos 808.txt has there ever been anyone like richard nixon ? for sheer resiliency , he stands alone in american history . no one won bigger than richard nixon . and no one lost bigger than richard nixon . and then won again . and then lost . and won again . he just kept punching and planning and working , to eventually become one of the dominant figures of the 20th century . the author of 9 books , 8 of them best-sellers , this is his first , and covers six major crises of his political life to 1962. this is serious history , but so well-written that it reads like an exciting novel . in it , you can see the raw steel of the man emerging through his discipline , beginnig with his first crisis as a 35-year-old freshman congressman , the prosecution of alger hiss , the darling of east coast liberals and the state department , as a soviet spy. . the other crises have been well-described by other reviewers , but all were thrilling examples of courage ( backed by preparation ) under fire . highly-experienced washington veteran david gergen , who worked closely with four presidents , in his excellent book " eyewitness to history " described richard nixon as " the toughest man i ever knew " . in this book , you can see why . interestingly , his overwhelming love of country shines through as well . for example , the 1960 election was unbelievably close.a swing of only 11 , 000 votes properly distributed , and the election results would have been reversed . and there was verifiable vote fraud by the democrats , especially in texas and illinois . nixon was repeatedly urged to demand an investigation and recount . he refused . first , it would have greatly delayed the transference of responsiblity to a new administration . but secondly , as he wrote , " then , too , the bitterness that would be engendered by such a maneuver on my part would , in my opinion , have done incalculable and lasting damage throughout the country . " there speaks a patriot . and a man ! also recommnended . " nixon in winter " by monica crowley 
books pos 924.txt this is the greatest unfinished work in all of american literature , and also the best book on filmmaking ever written . so much compassion and wisdom 
books pos 698.txt james moseley was the stereotypical rich orphan trust-fund kid , inheriting millions while still in college . he promptly left college and attached himself to a shady , indiana-jones-style south american graverobber . the graverobber wanted for some reason to do a book on the flying saucer myth , then only a few years old . moseley was sent crisscrossing the us to interview anyone and everyone who had made contributions to that myth in the period 1947 - 1954. the book never materialized , but moseley was left with extensive notes , and the indelible and accurate impression that , apart from a few people who had genuinely seen something in the sky they did n't recognize , and would have been expected to if it were anything familiar , the majority of the mythmakers were , as my old grandma used to say , " crazy as a betsy-bug . " over the years moseley kept his hand in , meeting and interviewing anyone who came onto the scene in what he sometimes calls the field , other times ( more accurately ) " ufoology . " he edited and published a long series of saucer fanzines and newsletters and still publishes one to this day . he met everyone and he shrewdly sized up everyone . he organized many flying saucer conventions and seems to have attended most of the others . here 's his information-packed account of about 48 years in the field , and there is no more accurate word-picture anywhere in print in english ( i 've looked ! ) of the classic early 1950s contactees led by george adamski , on to the 1960s abductees led by betty hill , on to the growth of the crashed-saucer myth from its humble beginnings with the 1949 scully hoax , on to the full-blown roswell hoax of 1985 - 90 , and on to the " supernatural " abduction stories of the 1990s . moseley was an eyewitness to the birth of many hoaxes , a few of which he perpetrated himself . highly recommended , as a true insider 's look at this nearly 60 year-old and seemingly immortal myth of " things seen in the sky . 
books pos 560.txt a well-crafted comprehensive look at the role of islam in turkey . the book offers some original and compelling explanations regarding the social transformation that turkey has experienced since the 1980s . specifically , the author mentions the role of opportunity spaces in the evolution of islamic movements and ideas as a result of economic and political liberalization.i think anyone who is interested in turkey , islamic movements , and the relationship between islam and modernity would get a great deal out of this book 
books pos 662.txt i have written a lengthier review of this work elsewhere . but i did want to say to potential readers that the peggy antrobus book is a brief and welcome introduction to the global women 's movement , that as such it fills a long-felt-want , and that it is to be recommended to those new to , unfamiliar with , or who feel they should be allied with , the women 's movement . it would - it will - make an excellent text for those doing women 's studies , as to those doing social movement studies , whether globally or more locally . summarising , antrobus shows the women 's movement as political , as recognising women 's relationship to social conditions , as processal , as posed against patriarchal privilege , as beginning where and when women recognise their separateness and even their alienation , marginalisation , isolation or abandonment within wider movements for social justice or transformation . one complaint , but which is much more widely spread than in this book alone . this is the avoidance of the word ` capitalism ' - even by feminists who are or were once socialists . capitalism does not even get an index reference in antrobus . capitalists , mostly after all male , white and patriarchal , call it capitalism , and are proud of it . so why cannot it not be so named by feminists , who could and surely should condemn it ? this cannot be solely because of their justified criticism of the archaic political-economic determinism of patriarchal socialists . so it has to be due to either a desire to be salonfhig ( acceptable in the salons within which they have been speaking , to the funders they are dependent upon ) , or a restriction of their utopia to a kinder , gentler global capitalism , a global neo-keynesian order - for which no convincing feminist case has been made . pity 
books pos 663.txt this is a great book for a piano student . it allows them to enjoy true music while learning how to play fairly easy pieces . these are n't little dittys made up to teach notes . it is classical music . beautiful dreamer by stephen foster , traumerei by robert schumann and the happy farmer by robert schumann are my favorite pieces . they are a joy to learn and play ! this music makes you want to practice . i also recommend my first book of christmas carols as well 
books pos 330.txt this is the first book i have read from this author . i am truly amazed at how well i enjoyed his style . it kind of reminded me of some of the good stuart woods books i have read . i plan on reading many more from michael connelly . great read , you wo n't be disappointed , trust me 
books pos 661.txt i have read all of the karen rose books and i continue to love every one of them . the other reviews go into great depth explaining the plot so i won't . the best review i can give an author is when i can honestly say " i ca n't put it down ! " when i fall asleep at work due to reading all night i can tell you it was a karen rose book . " nothing to fear " did not diappoint me yet thrilled me with more suspense and visual images than most of karens books . i honestly can say that i wish she wrote 10 times faster so i would n't have to wait so long for another book to get published . when i meet a friend or stranger reading romance i ca n't help but recommend a karen rose book . this is my latest favorite of hers . keep writing karen ! 
books pos 153.txt this was one of the first books that i picked up after my divorce 17 plus years ago . i knew that i was giving these men all my love , but even with all the love i was giving them they were treating me like i did not matter . knowing there is a problem is the first step and what a huge step that is . after reading this book the light bulb went on with a bang and it has never gone off . i have struggled with relationhsip issues , but at least i know what is going on and with each relationship i got better and better until i got it right . i learned i had to read the signs that i chose to ignore for some many years . i have been in a healthy relationship now for 8 years with a man that shows me his love ( along with telling me ) and treats me the way i deserve . 
books pos 718.txt bailie draws on rene girard 's theory of foundational violence as the generative cultural force , and explores its modern effects on a culture no longer enthralled by ritual or sacralized violence . i found especially compelling the newspaper accounts of violent acts which have taken place within my own memory . bailie uses these along with historical accounts of scapegoating to illustrate his theory , producing a hard-hitting indictment of all forms of violence , whether isolated actions or legalized responses to a violent act . increasingly , i find it difficult to distinguish between an act of violence and an act of retributive justice . i have not read a newspaper account of a violent encounter the same way since reading violence unveiled , nor do i react to photojournalism with my previous detachment . the impact stays with me , despite the fact that i read the work initially two years ago when i borrowed it from a friend . i now have my own copy , heavily underlined and notated in the margins with thoughts spawned by bailie 's excellent analyses . provocative and insightful 
books pos 375.txt if you 're looking for a good story with plenty of action and a great plot and you 're not really concerned with the difference between so-so writing and good writing ( this book is so-so ) , then this is an excellent book . i couldnt put it down . i gauge the rating of a book by one thing ; am i able to truely come into the story ? i am able to do this if the writing and word usage is at or above a certain level . i was able to " come into the story " when i read this book and to me , that provides for a good read . bad writing can prevent this experience but i did n't think this book was too badly written 
books pos 226.txt this book is an excellent guide to building and managing an investment portfolio . it does n't promise that you 'll make millions . . . but it does provide the principles and strategies you need to create an investment portfolio for long-term growth . it 's intelligent , easy to understand , and practical . 
books pos 358.txt on a recommendation from a friend , heimgest , dcg-or , ( who rarely recommends any book ) , we found this book to be one of the absolute best on the subject of our gods & amp ; goddesses . a must read , it ranks well with both rydberg 's and grimm 's teutonic mythology 
books pos 332.txt a lot of very useful info in a small book . i 'm less than half the way through and i 've already learned enough to make it worth the investment to me . the chapter on using tables was just what i needed . i would recommend this book to other beginners who are still trying to make sense of it all 
books pos 683.txt caine 's book is by far the most practical book on acting i 've read , and i 've read a few . some are very beautifuly written , poetic and psychological , but for someone who really wants to learn something about acting for film , i would recommend this book first . it is at times bleakly honest but highly readable . if you 've done any acting , you 'll find yourself nodding frequently 
books pos 6.txt this book was someone else 's bookclub selection , and i think having no expectations when i picked it up really helped in my having that wow experience that some folks report with this book and others miss . yes , the prose needed much better editing : overuse of repetition , " stock " phrases , and " hanging " assertions that should have been cleaned up . however , i found the discussions of brain development / evolution , similarities between certain animal behaviors and human behaviors , development of language in different animals , and the coevolution of humans and dogs to be facinating ( oops , just gave away the ending ! ) . i found the side discussion of outcome-based audits interesting and enlightening . i also liked dr. temple 's recommendation that people with autism be hired for baggage checking positions . great idea ! although the book really goes all over the place , i found it a wonderful opportunity to engage my " seeking / hunting " motivation ( you 'll have to read the book for that one ) , and worth wading through the flaws to pick up the nuggets of gold 
books pos 816.txt the first time i read this book , i was watching it all happen . i'ts like i was invisible . i admire elizabeth for having the guts to do what she did . i would have fought back , but she did it the safe way , she did n't resist . reading this book , you feel like you know the smart family . i pray for all missing children everywhere . elizabeth is the luckiest girl in the world ! mary katharine was so cool and collected . she is amazing too . read this book 
books pos 533.txt i think the most striking part of this book is that you feel comforted by the fact that the problems you 're facing in your own relationships are commonplace . they 're not dysfunctional . every family has its share of issues and you do n't need to feel overly guilty for yours . the book 's underlying theme is that families that honesty , consideration , character , belief and perhaps above everything else - resilience , can get you through the worst debacles and that at the end of the day it 's probably ( though not always ) worth the effort . stories include : resentment about controlling parents who appear to display conditional loving and also about appreciating how much of their lives parents sacrifice to bring the kids up ; the search for redemption after abandoning a kid or cheating on a wife , the courage required to break relationships that are dead and the perseverance required to bring one back from the dead ( and the effect on kids ) , dealing with the families of your in-laws and family objection to marriage , how to deal with kids who are falling into bad habits when you feel powerless to influence their decisions because they no longer respect you or listen to you , dealing with the death of a child , how we feel obligated to spend time with our families rather than actually wanting to spend time with them and what we are losing , etc. although it may seem that most people cannot relate to these situations.. . actually i felt an amazing amount of empathy for the families and came away with a renewed conviction that i can get the perfect family life ( with all it 's frustrations and headaches ) and balance it with everything . if you have any relationship , friendship that you have a certain amount of frustration , resignation about then i strongly recommend this book . it is one of those books that if it hits you at the right time - it could change your relationships and your life 
books pos 759.txt our family has enjoyed this a lot , since we take a lot of trips in our rv . great way to entertain on the road . we really liked the questions about pop music and movies , also some great questions about the us presidents . very entertaining , clever 
books pos 605.txt another solid text from our friend sensei demura . this is part of his popular set on okinawan weaponry and well worth the cost . portrayed in the book is weapon history , basic stances , grips , blocks and strikes . demura also covers self defense applications against many various attacks . for all karate and kobudo students i would reccomend this book 
books pos 183.txt incredibly useful ! exactly what i need all in one place 
books pos 865.txt almost everyone you meet is having trouble with a relationship , this book by charles swindoll is a wonderful tool to assist people to build better relationships.from my own person experience i have come to conclude that the larger part of relationship problems are caused by lack of communacation.in this book charles talks about how to be open in a relationship and the value of trust not only in a personal relationship but also in the church . a wonderful must read 
books pos 28.txt this is an extraordinary biography for , while blumenson 's admiration for george patton is evident , it brilliantly illustrates all the sides of patton 's personality - both positive and negative . the book truly goes beyond the popular perception of the general -and far beyond the movie - in exploring his character and motivations . not an overly long book , but thorough , detailed , and very enjoyable to read 
books pos 855.txt i absolutely think you should have this book as part of your collection . the pictures come to life along with the description . the wording is simple and sweet . i am a first grade teacher and taught using this book . all my students enjoyed the memory this book brings to life . vivid pictures and colors are an absolute gift from the artist 
books pos 450.txt as a former history major and teacher i am very familiar with the history of the crusades from the western point of view . they have been portrayed in literature , movies , and history . they have been glamorized and vilified by westerners for centuries . reading amin maalouf 's rendering of this familiar story from the view-point of arab chroniclers was like looking through alice 's looking glass at a world that is backwards from the one we know . here we do n't have just crusaders , advernturers , or even the evil conquerors that deconstructionists portray , but invaders , barbarians , and enemies of god himself . this book is a must read for everyone who is concerned about events in the middle east today . it sheds light on a crucial time in history that affects the psyche of muslims who are living right now . especially helpful is the epilogue in which maalouf explains how the collective memory of the crusades colors the way many middle-easterners see the west . it is not riveting , but very readable considering it is a translation . i enjoyed it and learned a lot 
books pos 815.txt this was a required text for one of my graduate courses and i did n't expect to enjoy it much . it was n't far into the book that i began to resonate with some of the struggles for racial harmony articulated by perkins and rice . in chapter 1 , spencer perkins states emphatically , " the civil rights movement has run its course , and we 've gotten just about all you can expect to get from a political movement . " i , a white guy , took offense at the thought that someone would declare the struggle for civil rights obsolete . his point is well made through the development of this and subsequent chapters . the move toward reconciliation must move from race to grace . regardless of your religious affiliations , if you are engaged in civil rights causes or racial reconciliation you would be remiss to neglect this ground-breaking tome . pax erik 
books pos 297.txt & quot ; those who write well have more power and therefore have more control over their lives&quot ; ( p.21 ) . if this is indeed true then mem fox is a very powerful woman ! in the midst of the phonics vs. whole language war being raged in the media , this book is a call for reading and writing teachers to examine their practices and strive for truly purposeful , artful teaching . fox 's insights into her life as a writer , teacher and mother make this a truly inspiring and intensely challenging read . i have always believed that to be an effective reading teacher , i must be a reader , able to share my passion for books with my students , but mem fox points out that unless i am a writer as well , i will be unable to know the difficulties , fears , hopes and needs of my students as writers . i plan to thoughtfully explore the forms of writing i use , examine the writing process i go through and share my writing with my students on a more regular basis . i am convinced that we will all grow from the experience ! 
books pos 615.txt this low carb cookbook gives some new twists on old recipes , and explains the mysterious ingredients , etc. that other low carb books do n't 
books pos 464.txt an excellent short introduction to the philosophy of logical atomism . the lectures should be read along with wittgenstein 's tractatus logico-philosophicus . russell 's logical atomism differs significantly from wittgenstein 's version of the theory but both share certain key features which make the theory distinctive . those who enjoy & quot ; mathematical philosophy&quot ; will not be disappointed 
books pos 476.txt janet browne 's far-reaching biography misses little in bringing us the life of the 19th century 's most controversial biologist / geologist . the first volume of a two-volume set , " voyaging " , begins ( as you would expect ) with his youth in the english town of shrewsbury under his father 's care . we meet his father - a doctor and businessman , his brother - intelligent but unfocused , and his late grandfather erasmus darwin who was well known at the time for his eccentric and agnostic views . from his early days , browne depicts a darwin struggling to find himself , first as a medical student in edinburgh , then as a student of theology in cambridge . though we know better what darwin is to be , browne 's portrait of him manages to evoke the doubt that he must have felt when faced with adequate but uninspiring career options . but the story often returns to darwin 's love of the outdoors and of biology - a theme which underpins all of his early feints and mis-steps at life . he is seen as a frequent hunter , and an avid collector and cataloguer of insects and beetles . despite this , and despite the benefit of hindsight , at times i felt some tension - finding myself unconsciously wishing to offer advice to this young man who seems adrift and unaware of the great role that history was preparing him for . we finally catch a glimpse of that future as he fortuitously receives an offer to travel aboard the beagle , a vessel bound for south america on a surveying mission . i wo n't spoil the rest , other than to say that browne does an excellent job of building darwin , showing in detail each moment of discovery upon which the next is laid , capturing his excitement about the natural world as he slowly sheds his amateur standing and gains confidence - finally attaining acknowledged scientific stature . and yet even then , darwin holds his boldest work out of sight of the world , privately developing the theory of natural selection out of sight of a straightjacketed victorian society . in tenor , it 's clear that browne , a professor in the history of biology greatly respects her subject . but she does not allow him to pass through her pen unscathed . darwin was a man of his times and of a certain station , and held certain prejudices that the author does n't hesitate to point out - such as his not wholly humanitarian attitudes about slavery . she also reveals what some may find darwin 's less endearing traits such as his anti-social tendencies and his lack of any real passion for any subject but science ( when approaching the subject of marriage , darwin 's priority on research causes him to discard several eligible but too learned women who , he feared , might place demands on his time ) . she does seem to soft-pedal darwin 's poor treatment of his companions on the beagle , many of whom contributed significantly to his efforts on that seminal voyage , and whose contributions went largely uncredited and unrecognized . ( for those curious , this theme is well-explored in robert wright 's " the moral animal " ) also , it was difficult for me to follow the various people who pass through his life and their relationship to him , more my failing than the author 's i think , as she provides ample details on the many individuals who made an impact on darwin 's life . if you do decide to read it , it might be helpful to keep a pen and paper handy for jotting down a few notes ( although the author does append a fairly extensive family tree at the front of the book ) . certainly , the book is well worth reading for anyone with more than a passing interest in exactly how the theory of evolution ( and the legend of charles darwin ) was born . i 've read few biographies better 
books pos 917.txt making ancient history entertaining ? for children ? ! ? you bet... . enhance your history studies by reading books that are written specifically to a child . great book complete with historical accuracy & lively illustrations . approximately 3rd grade reading level , interesting to even older elementary students . do n't rely on it for a primary source , but include it in a study of greece . nice book 
books pos 734.txt i first heard this story as a part of a sermon given to a congregation of mixed ages . the children were enthralled with the illustrations ( as were many adults ) but the & quot ; message&quot ; was deeply felt by the & quot ; older&quot ; child in all of us there . it is the message that no one really knows how much influence they have . mole was just doing something that really intrigued and interested him , and brought him pleasure . he wished that he could influence others , but never knew what his music did for the world . maybe this is true for each of us as we pursue what we really have a passion for . the message is true for children and adults alike . i will share this with my young 8 year old violinist friend , and from the pulpit . thank you , david mcphail 
books pos 534.txt well organized , understandable , and has a good index . associated web site also useful 
books pos 799.txt the previous review is clear about the value of this translation . knowing a bit of german , i can say that this translation does use shapes instead of forms for gestalten . the real value of the work beyond the translation , however , especially for first time readers , is found in the notes made by david luke . these notes are helpful for the historical context , allusions to goethe 's personal life and work , and allusions to philosophy , literature , and more ... all essential to understanding the work 
books pos 465.txt i would recommend this book to anyone studying & quot ; romeo and juliet . &quot ; i would have never made it through english class without this book 
books pos 293.txt one of the nicest things someone did for me when i lost my husband to leukemia was to send me this book . the selections are sympathetic and inspiring . also , they 're short at a time when the mourner really ca n't concentrate on long selections . this book has helped me through the most difficult time of my life 
books pos 417.txt you 'll never read this in national geographic , and ng is all the poorer for it . p.j. o'rourke is never politically-correct and he visits places on the planet from which most people would like to escape...the result is a spot on , razor sharp , keenly observed travelogue that is side-splittingly funny , in a tragic sort of way . o'rourke has a wonderful way of spotting irony , silliness , and official absurdity , and letting all of the air out of pompous , ill-conceived notions . in short , he is the un 's worst nightmare . for anyone who has travelled or ever interacted with any government agency anywhere- -especially our own- -this book is a must read 
books pos 684.txt this is the second book in the wind dancer series . the wind dancer being the first , which was excellent . i almost feel as if i liked storm winds even more than the wind dancer , and i believe it 's due to a more comprehensive , abundance of history . i was absolutely and totally absorbed with this book from the first chapter until the last one . the characters were very individualistic and intriguing . i have to say i enjoyed the romance more between the two supporting characters : catherine and francois , more than the main characters : juliette and jean marc . i was enamored by francois and his strength , steeliness , and sensuality . jean marc was a dark , handsome man as well . because of the way juliette was treated in her youth , i see why she was so desperate for someone to need her ; hence her demanding , take-charge attitude to care for her friend and others . catherine was a delight . she was soft , caring , and sweet , but her terrible experience made her strong and even more beautiful in nature . fascinating characters and historical background . i would recommend this book to all those who love romance that is n't the typical , dull harlequin type and a love for important historical eras . 
books pos 338.txt i really enjoyed this book , it was n't completely comprehensive but did give a good overview of buffet 's investment style . while it did n't go heavily into the analysis of stocks that i would have liked it did describe who influenced buffet , thanks to this book i was able to pick up some fisher and graham and have learned quite a bit . all in all i would reccomend this book for someone interested in a light biography of buffet or a little insight into how he makes decisions 
books pos 729.txt yes , ben witherington is a ( relative ) conservative , but do n't hold that against him . yes , he has strong opinions , but do n't hold that against him , either , because they are well argued . the fact remains that this is the best overview of & quot ; third quest&quot ; jesus scholarship i have been able to find . admirers of the jesus seminar may not appreciate his critique , but it is very fair and well-thought out . one of the benefits from a book like this , besides giving interested parties a launching pad for further research , is that the different views of jesus can help one achieve a well-rounded portrait of the savior . no one scholar gets it right all the time ( not even witherington , with his own view of jesus as god 's wisdom ) , but the different insights are valuable , because jesus is bigger than what any one person can comprehend . that should be a cause for humility ( something some jesus scholars have lacked , at least in print ) . i highly recommend this book for anyone interested in contemporary jesus scholarship 
books pos 575.txt once i got super glue on my fingers and i tried everything ! ! and i could'nt get it of so i got out the book and it gave me the soultion 
books pos 880.txt i did n't expect to " like " this book after reading the first 30 of 196 pages . the graphic detail used to describe a murder and the early decomposition of two dead bodies made me wonder where in the heck this story could go . and , more importantly , why would i want to read it ! where does the story go ? it 's a wandering timetable . we know the two main characters , joseph and celice , both professors of zoology married for 30 years , are dead and the forward movement not only includes their ongoing decay , but also their eventual discovery by police dogs and the introduction of their grown daughter , syl , as she copes with her knowledge of their death . it also goes back to when they first met , as students sharing a study house at the shore . they are an unlikely pair , and yet , they come together through mutual attraction and what turns out to be a shared tragic experience , and live- -at least according to their estranged daughter- -an unremarkable life . the timetable further allows the reader to relive the last day of their lives , hour by hour , from the murder back to the moment they awoke and decided to spend the day together at the very shore where they 'd met some 30 years earlier . the layout of the story was brilliant , and not in the least bit confusing . the language ( british english ) is both lofty and gritty- -probably not unlike joseph and celice . some of the thoughtful insights about life and death are very , very poignant . for example , when syl contemplates the loss of her parents : " ... her gene supplies had closed shop . their daughter was the next in line . she could not duck out of the queue . so she should not waste her time in this black universe . the world 's small , breathing denizens , its quaking congregations and its stargazers , were fools to sacrifice the flaring briefness of their lives in hopes of paradise or fears of hell . no one transcends . there is no future and no past . there is no remedy for death- -or birth- -except to hug the spaces in between . live loud . live wide . live tall . " i thought it was a very elegant way of illustrating both the fact that life always goes marching on , and the importance of our obligation to the dead ( and dying ) that we live life well . the title and thesis of the book are one and the same : " being dead . " highly recommend . from the author of " a line between friends , " mckenna publishing group 
books pos 361.txt i read this years after i 'd read catcher in the rye and nine stories and it was cool to be reading salinger again but it was n't as rewarding as the first two books were . maybe i let too much time pass and outgrew his style . i dunno . i felt as if i was reading a magazine story and not a book story . i still would read everything he wrote tho if he released all new stuff , j.d. salinger 's the man 
books pos 161.txt i actually discovered this book accidentally . it was in the " return to stock " section of my borders book store and i was perusing the many books people had been interested in . the summary caught my attention , but it was the first page that drew me in . even from the beginning this book is captivating . it 's thrilling , tragic , heart-breaking , and even at times so amusing . greer has a talent for making max seem so real . i could n't stop reading it . it 's so hard to put down ! definitely one the best books i 've ever read . 
books pos 619.txt carson mccullers , one of america 's greatest southern writers , was often misunderstood , as many people were put off by or unwilling to deal with her ( at the time ) controversial subject matter . mccullers used the grotesque as exaggerated symbols of everyday experience . the loneliness and isolation of her gothic-like characters were merely extreme examples of feelings we all have , though magnified and intensified to the nth degree . tennessee williams , in his introduction to mccullers ' " reflections in a golden eye " , posed the question ( in a mock dialogue ) most people asked about writers of the ' gothic ' school such as carson mccullers , flannery o'connor , katherine anne porter and eudora welty : " why do they write about such dreadful things ? " williams replies , " in my opinion it is most simply definable as a sense , an intuition of an underlying dreadfulness in modern society. . why have they got to use..symbols of the grotesque and the violent ? because a book is short and a man 's life is long.. . the awfulness has to be compressed . " mccullers , unlike any writer i have ever read , pierces the heart of themes such as love , isolation , and loneliness with her lucid , poetic prose . tennessee williams , in virginia spencer carr 's biography of mccullers summed up mccullers ' writing as follows : " i have used the word ' heart ' , but it is not an adequate word to describe the core of carson mccullers ' genius....i believe , in fact i know , that there are many , many with heart who lack the need or gift to express it . and therefore carson mccullers is what i would call a necessary writer : she owned the heart and the deep understanding of it , but in addition she had that ' tongue of angels ' that gave her power to sing of it , to make of it an anthem . 
books pos 277.txt o'hara is one of the most underrated of american writers . _rage to live_ builds a strong character in grace caldwell tate- - her passions are handled with delicacy and skill and her story is told with a rare combination of affection and judgement . a good place to begin with o'hara if you do n't know his work already 
books pos 368.txt i 'm almost finished reading this book , and what a long , fun ride it 's been . wordy , and a little confusing , this book has to be taken in the right mood , or else you 'll miss the humor . the places that the main character travels to are memorable and exciting , and i found myself getting through a hefty portion , without thinking that i had ever started . some....no , more like most of the satire is cryptic , and hard to find . however , i read up on the book , and it immediately popped out at me , and made alot more sense . this is an excellent book , that i 'm sure you will enjoy . it might even suit as a read-aloud story for younger children 
books pos 117.txt i enjoyed this book immensely . remember , the subtitle is " my friendship with jfk , jr. " , the book is about the author and his friendship with john . it 's not meant to be a historical view of jfk and his presidency . why is it ok for carole radiwill to write a book about her relationship with jfk , jr. and carolyn but not ok for billy noonan ? because he was n't on oprah . lighten up . 
books pos 770.txt i served in the army myself and although i have n't expirienced war myself i expirienced a lot during my service in the idf . this book takes you inside the heads and lives of the grunts who went through the hell of vietnam . the figures changes during the story and you learn more and more of them , feeling like you are walking in the jungles by them . someone told me this was a " hard book to read " and i did n't know what he 'd meant until i finished it . this is one of my favorite books and almost the only one i 've read more than once . a must for anyone interested in the vietnam war 
books pos 628.txt i just got through reading " harvey penick 's little red book " . i enjoyed it so much that i had to apologize about my delay in submitting a positive comment on the seller 's feedback page . but the book was that enjoyable ! i read the book because i was told it is a good example in marketing and business management ideals . i do n't even play golf ! i was able to apply harvey penick 's words to attitudes and approaches to life though ! he not only teaches what he has learned about golf during his long rich life , but he also teaches a philosophy in how to live one 's life . his methods of evaluating the actions of his students and sharing what he has learned in an effort to improve thier lives is obvious to me . he refuses to use negative impressions in his teachings . instead , he accentuates the positive . he educates by guiding his students instead of " teaching " them . i love his ability to teach with images , parables and metaphors . his chapter " first things first " about the golfer who wanted to get out of sand traps is great ! after all , the problem is not always what you think . i challenge anyone to read " harvey penick 's little red book " and share with me how they can apply his knowledge to thier business and personal lives . whether you play golf or not , this book is good reading 
books pos 634.txt the book is not ' really ' on christ in the etheric , but more several - " unrelated " - lectures about etheric life . sometimes christ only gets mentioned at the very end of a lecture . the book can be summed up as an accumalation of lectures of " cosmic life " if you like : the spiritual life that is connected with , and influences , life as seen only from / with physical senses . in the book is recorded about several " ages " ( golden age , silver age , iron age and dark age ) , and that how in each age clairvoyant abilities - [or really spiritual consciousness] - diminished with each age , and that the dark age has ended in 1899ac and that in this current age people need to become spiritually aware again to the point where they have a " damascus experience " ( experience of saul - later paul - in which he saw christ in etheric form ) . people who do not become spiritually aware will be bound into the earth consciousness / sphere and could cause disturbances in the earth . in this light , rudolf steiner communicated about the brotherhoods - in western and eastern countries - and how they try to prevent people from developing spiritually to the point where they will be able to meet christ in the etheric ( = 2nd coming of christ ( coming in the etheric ) ... and in future times coming of christ ( i.e. manifestation / presence of christ in the astral ) ) . in the book is also recorded about the sermon on the mount - with the beautitudes ( recorded in matthew 5 ) where jesus communicated about the development of the soul ( as recorded in other books by rudolf steiner ( sentient soul , intellectual soul , etc. ) ) . in the book is also recorded about " the afterlife " if you like : life of souls who have passed away and are still earthbound , and how those souls are connected to those souls that are incarnated in a physical body in earth . in the book is communicated about different levels in the ' afterlife ' and how feelings and will are active . it is recorded about astral plane , lower devachan and higher devachan in " etherization of the blood " and later on again in " three realms between death and rebirth " where is recorded in greater detail how activity in those realms is connected with life of souls incarnated in the earth and how christ is also present there and can be experienced in earthly life as ' destiny' ... and how people are so focused on what is , or has happened , but do n't pay attention to what is result of it not happening ( e.g. getting delayed for an appointment , or coming ( ' unexpectedly ' ) too early etc. ) . destiny is at work , with christ having its workings present in it according to rudolf steiner . in the book is also located about " the double " and how forces from within the earth influence it [geo-biology]. ireland was a place where those influences where most ' healthy ' for spiritual development / cognition and ireland was the place where christianity was able to flourish and waver out from to europe by irish monks 
books pos 787.txt i like this author 's work so much that i actually bought the hard cover since i could n't wait for the pb to be issued . however , p . d . james ' view of life as expressed by her characters can be very pessimistic at times ( a contrast to her autobiography ) . in this one , there is still the feeling that the characters are going through the motions of living , never really feeling any joy- -or often even happiness . however , when adam and emma come together at the end , there was a ray of hope . please , ms. james give us a new book asap 
books pos 960.txt peter allen takes three of the most compelling aspects of human history- -sex , disease , and religion- -and weaves them together in a fascinating exposition of how religious authorities in the west have viewed disease since the late middle ages . his book discusses the histories of lovesickness , leprosy , syphilis , plague , masturbation , and of course aids . for each disease ( and yes , masturbation was considered a serious disease well into the 20th century ! ) , he discusses how sex , and the sins associated with it , figured into the religious and popular views of illness . allen 's book is meticulously researched ( he read texts in the original french , latin , german , and italian ) and elegantly written . it is a far easier read than most academic works . most importantly , it offers insight into how religious and sexual intolerance can hamper the fight against disease , even in today 's world 
books pos 907.txt time to pack up my luggage ( would n't it be nice to have a suitcase like rincewind 's ? ) and take off for discworld while the rain and gloom of a january thaw engulf the northern hemisphere . " guards ! guards ! " is the eighth book in the discworld series , in which captain sam vimes of ankh-morpork 's night watch gives up drinking and gets married ( just the opposite of most folks ) . i do n't read the discworld novels in order any more , just pick up a favorite and start in . the blurbs on the back and cover pages compare pratchett to charles dickens ( pratchett is better ) , chaucer , " j.r.r. tolkien with a sharper , more satiric edge , " and p.g. wodehouse . i think any author who garners comparisons with such wildly disparate writers must be in a category by himself . heck , pratchett is a category by himself . so on to ankh-morpork where the unique and supreme lodge of the elucidated brethren decides , with a little prompting from its supreme grand master , to conjure up a dragon . the dragon will cause enough death and property damage ( including a vegetable stand and a brother-in-law 's shiny new carriage ) so that when the supreme grand master 's nephew rides into the city with his sharp , shiny sword and slays the beast , the grateful citizens will proclaim him king . this plot works rather well , except that the dragon decides that it wants to be king and cremates its would-be slayer . its requirements are simple and traditional : one well-bred virgin per month , and all of the gold , silver , and jewels in ankh-morpork for its hoard . the new regime fires sam vimes from his job as captain of the night watch . how he wonders , could things get worse ? well , at least he 's not a virgin and no one is talking to him in capital letters . 
books pos 73.txt this author has written " kitchen table wisdom " which was recommended to me a year ago by my doctor..ms remen remembers her zayde who died whe she was 7 and tells us all the wonderful things he taught her...she is a physician and therapist and combines the lessons she learned at age 7 with her professional knowledge..i love this book and find myself returning to it time and time again to re-read the stories of strength , refuge and belonging..this book is much more than " chicken soup " ...it is " chicken soup with matzo balls 
books pos 41.txt arrived on time and in terrific shape ! thanks 
books pos 747.txt for over three years i 've been studying buddhism and zen . during that time i 've ordered many books within the different buddhist schools . there are many fine authors out there that explain the tenets and fine workings of buddhism as well as zen . i believe a solid background in buddhism background is essential in understanding buddha 's message to mankind . however , the true " nuts and bolts " of buddhism practice can be found most directly in zen . it is one thing to know something about a religion or way of life yet it is another to be able to apply it . ezra bayda has most succinctly given the best instruction of how to apply zen to one 's life where we need it the most ; during those moments when we are gripped with our core pain . core pain is comprised of our anger , traumas , sadness , feelings of inferiority , etc. it is this core pain that can make our life a living hell . ezra examines these emotions and teaches us how we can mindfully learn to transform them in a way that truly works . instead of denying them or trying to escape them we learn that they are part of our path in life . and while it takes courage to be present with these emotions we learn that they are but old programs and often ancient belief systems that take us away from the genuine life we all deserve . at least one reader has referred to this as being like a self-help book . yet anytime we look for truth whether it be in religion or psychology , are n't we looking for something to help us . ezra offers us the tools to achieve transformation in our life . when i ordered this book i had hoped it would teach me how to truly apply zen teachings to my life . what i did n't realize is that the information this book contains would exceed anything i have read in any religious book , psychology book , or college text . another reviewer said " where 's the zen " in reference to the contents of this book . " the zen " is there on every page . while ezra does n't use the esoteric style of writing common in zen / buddhist teaching , his simple clearcut way of communication exemplifies the simpleness that zen is truly about . ezra 's other two books " at home in the muddy water " and " saying yes to life " are excellent as well and deepen your understanding of living mindfully and in the moment . a helpful hint , read his three books in chronological order with this book first . personally , i think that reading them in order adds to a person 's understanding and that each book acts like a foundation for the next . ezra bayda i have not had the honor of meeting you personally yet i thank you most sincerely for the gift of your writings . i bow to you for you are a master ! there are many of us i 'm sure that are looking forward to your future works . two other excellent zen books that teach mindful living and dealing with difficult emotions are " beginning mindfulness : learning the way of awareness " by andrew weiss and " at hell 's gate : a soldier 's journey " by claude anshin thomas . also , the writing 's of thich nhat hanh , a great man who highly influenced both of these authors , teaches the art of mindful living in a very understandable manner . good luck to you on the path . 
books pos 901.txt gunstories by beth atkin is a book that should be mandatory reading for all students and discussed with parents , teachers , and friends . young people discuss guns in a positive light and a negative light . as with any subject , it is only with education and knowledge that a change can be made . i definitely recommend this book and hope that it can be a fixture in all elementary , middle , and high schools . ( p.s. if you are a school librarian , order a copy ! ! ) - shelley ( henderson , nv ) a fascinating look at a difficult topic ! many viewpoints are presented , the book is fair and balanced . but the stories of gun violence just naturally have more impact than those of kids who enjoy range shooting . the dichotomy between rural and urban viewpoints is striking . the wonderful photography really adds to the text . recommended . - diane ( cedar rapids , ia ) despite the fact that i 'm not really in support of guns , it is nice to read a book on such a controversial topic that does not carry a political agenda . it 's not your typical pro / con book either . it gives actual perspectives from real life people...teen people who just want to tell it like it is . - amy ( fort worth , tx 
books pos 178.txt i bought this book in lieu of the 2005 guiness book of world records , and i do n't regret the decision at all . this is a huge book - 250 pages - with thousands of interesting and bizzare tidbits in categories such as " amazing earth " , " body and mind " , " wonders of science " , " fun and games " , and " beyond belief " . i had never watched the ripley 's show or read any other ripley 's books before . the facts are just as fascinating as in guiness , but they are presented in a more fun , colorful , and kid - friendly way . this would make a great present for any kid ( or grown - up kid ) , even for those who do n't read much . the editing is n't the greatest , and i found one fact that is repeated twice in two different sections ( see if you can catch it ! ) but i still give it a full 5 stars ! and.. . the cover makes me kind of dizzy , but that 's okay . ; - 
books pos 33.txt patriotic terrorist fighting storyline . exposes the political games played in washington , that many times put our military in dangerous situations . this book inspires me to patriotism and also deep gratitude to the special forces men who are so brave . i know the book is fiction , but i ca n't help but feel that it is more truth than fiction . mitch rapp 's wife anna is getting a little hard to stomach . she is a good example of how an aggressive woman can nearly neuter a strong man . again , hard to recommend to absolutely everyone because of the explicit sexual situations . i hate to encourage my teenage boys to read it , although 95% is absolutely wonderful and inspiring , portraying men as real men . 
books pos 974.txt i have always been a fan of the star wars saga but never really read any of the novels . this was my first sw novel . i must say i want to be a sith . i just finished this novel last night and honestly want a 2nd coming . if u read the epilogue of this book u will grind your teeth ! the storyline at first felt familiar but then radically changed but had the sw ripple effects . i however got more excited because i played kotor / ep3 the game / kotor 2 and jedi academy so allot of the visuals and things in the book were already visualized for me in those games . i loved the entire transformation and how gradually even the sith were headed like the jedi in ep3. it an amazing story and ca n't wait to a sequel if any . 
books pos 674.txt in his last command , gaunt 's ghosts have returned from their mission on gereon , a chaos controlled planet , to ancreon sextus where war is also raging , in a continuation of the story of gaunt 's ghosts . they have been changed which is frightening to those around them . they changed in order to survive on gereon , but others think the transformation may be more sinister ; therefore , they are put in internment camps and questioned . finally , they are allowed back into battle as the forces attack sparshad mons , a step-city ruin on ancreon sextus , which appears to be filled with the enemy . not many people want to listen to gaunt , even though he is an expert warrior with sharpened senses . nothing is as it seems as the battle progresses and gaunt must find a way to get his superiors to understand what he knows . will gaunt ever convince them that what they are seeing is not really what they are seeing ? dan abnett has written a sequel to a story that i think you would need to read before tackling this one . after a spell , things did become clearer and i was able to pick up the storyline . the characters were well flesh out and the writing was smooth but the story did move a bit slow in places when some of the battles were taking place . there were many battles and a lot of dying on the battlefields . strange monsters inhabited the land and only gaunt knew where they came from . the monsters were fascinating in that they could not be killed in a normal way . only gaunt 's ghosts knew how to get rid of them . reviewed by alice holman of the rawsistaz reviewers 
books pos 192.txt perhaps it has a lot to do with the book being written in english ( or at least it appears to have been , there is no translator listed ) , but this is by far the most lucid thing i 've read by latour . in a way it 's a radical break , he finally embraces his troubled intellectual child actor network theory , stops expecting its meaning to magically emerge from the context and sets forth exploring what it actually is and how it can work . 
books pos 414.txt i am so passionate about this book . it has answered all the life questions i have ever held . although many people i have recommended it to have reported that they have not been able to " get into it " - for me , i would say it is the best book i have ever read . this is about the 5th copy i have purchased because when i lend it out , somehow it is not returned and i want to have a copy to re-read every now and then . ( i will not be lending this one again 
books pos 635.txt i read this book on vacation . many years ago i read & quot ; in the shoes of the fisherman&quot ; and & quot ; the clowns of god . &quot ; i enjoyed both of these books but not enought to search out and read the third book in the trilogy . what a mistake ! this book contains the politics of power , the behind the scenes strugles and the fears and doubts as well as the faith and triumphs of the servants of the vatican , as well as the italian and international scene . the relationships both formed , forming and parting kept me glued to the book . the pace was fast and enthralling . do not miss this book . the end was somewhat predictable , but never-the-less still shocking 
books pos 656.txt this book is a quick read and a great introduction to artificial life . it combines something of the science , the personalities and the history of this field . for general readers with some technical sophistication it affords an opportunity to broaden one 's horizons without too much of a mathematical stretch ; for computer scientists who are thinking of their own research it can give a general idea of some of the accomplishments in the field and a place to start delving into the original research papers . read it and enjoy the future 
books pos 682.txt piglia muestra que es un explorador de nuevas formas narrativas , pero la lectura de este libro y de otros suyos nos deja ver a un autor que no se deja leer con facilidad , que es crptico ; debe ser leido con mucha atencin , con papel y lapiz en la mano para seguir sus tramas y personajes y eso no es un virtud en un escritor 
books pos 198.txt this is the first piece of writing i have read from albert camus and i found it very interesting . the character meursault is a very indifferent character who seems to be very impartial when he hears of his mother 's death and kind of continues to be static untill the the second half of the book . i do not want to give the book away as some of the others have , but i feel that no matter what one person does and no matter what ones perception is , it can never match the perception of others . one of my favorite lines in the story is when meursault is talking to the chaplain about seeking redemption through god because according th chaplain " it is not the human justice that matters but divine justice " and meursault 's response was " it was the human justice that put me here " . no matter what acts you commit , whether they be henous , incensitive or loving , one way or another you will be judged and upon that judgement will be your sentence . it was definitely an easy read that takes the readers on a ride into the thoughts of a man who accepts the one thing he can not change ; his fate . " with this , i dont even have a chance to survive , not even a slim one " 
books pos 979.txt i have got to say that this is definitely the best cheesecake book ever . initially , i was shopping around for one since my boyfriend 's favorite dessert was cheesecake . i ran across this and decided to get it . well , one of the best choices i could ever make , i think . this is an amazing book ! starting from the recipes which are so numerous and so varied that they have to be divided into beverage-based , chocolate , vanilla , candy , etc. , even one for light cheesecakes ! honestly , deciding which one to try the first time around was the toughest challenge when starting out . well , i followed the instructions clearly , as well as the first section on tips to avoid it cracking and boy , did it ever come out wonderfully ! i never looked back . i 've baked from it endlessly for some years now , tasting practically all of the recipes included . it 's gotten to the point where i may soemtimes tweak the recipe and / or ingredients a bit and it still comes out great ! my family has enjoyed all sorts of different flavors and many of my family members and friends have converted and use nothing but this to bake cheesecakes also . my copy is so beat-up from use , it may be time to get a new one . did i mention that this is also a beautiful book ? full of wonderful ( yummy-looking ) glossy pictures . my only ( tiny ) complaint is that on occasion , some of the ingredients may be a little hard to get but nothing too major and definitely nothing 's that stopped me yet . i do have other cheesecake books which people have given me over the years but due to simplicity , astounding variety and plain old wonderful results , this is the one i recommend the most . 
books pos 694.txt harvey e . goldberg is one of the pioneering sociologists in the study of the jewish communities of north africa , especially the libyan-jewish community . in this present work he brings to bear the experience and knowledge of a lifetime of study and practice as a jew to provide an overall historical , anthropological view of the jewish life - cycle . he opens with a chapter on ' being jewish ' then considers birth , circumcision , naming . he goes on to discuss ' rituals of education ' and then has a central chapter on ' marriage' .an especially innovative section is on ' pilgrimage and creating identities'in this one he opens one of the central themes of the book , the way the increased importance of the individual in jewish life and thought has led to more varied religious practice . his chapter on ' death , mourning and remembering ' also includes a consideration of communal remembrance . this is not as might be expected his closing chapter , as he adopts the traditional teaching which he is reminded of by one of his many interviewees , and ends with something ' good ' his final chapter is on ' bonds of community and individual lives' . this book is extremely well written and a delight to read . i especially enjoyed the instances where he brings in personal anecdote to illustrate and deepen a set of observations . goldberg has a true command of traditional jewish religious sources , and these texts form one real basis of his life . but what is especially exciting is his reading the communal variations across time in response the religious and communal demands . as one long familiar with much jewish tradition and ritual i was surprised again and again by new observations and insights . anyone who loves jewish learning will love this work tremendously . i cannot recommend it more highly 
books pos 959.txt reviewed by joanne benham for reader views ( 2 / 06 ) it 's an ordinary sunday afternoon for odelia grey . an afternoon spent with her dysfunctional family means a stop at the grocery store on the way home to buy her favorite comfort food , stouffer 's macaroni and cheese , to get the taste of her family ( and her rotten date on saturday night ) out of her mouth . and then she gets the phone call.....her dear friend sophie , a staunch supporter , mentor and banner carrier for bbw- -- -big , beautiful women- --has committed suicide . as she struggles to cope with this heartbreaking news , she has more disturbing news piled on . not only did sophie commit suicide , she did it in front of dozens of eyewitnesses on her adult website ! ! ! with the emergence of more hidden facets of sophie 's life , odelia finds it difficult to reconcile this new sophie to the sophie she knew and loved . as odelia digs deeper into sophie 's life , both past and present , she comes to the conclusion that sophie would not , under any circumstances , kill herself . with backup help from a memorable cast of characters , odelia sets out to clear her friend 's name and in the process gains a new acceptance of herself as a fat woman in a thin society . this book was enjoyable on so many levels . first and foremost , it is very well written . second , it confronts the prejudice that is openly shown to fat people in today 's society and gives a gentle nudge toward developing tolerance . and finally , it leaves you impatiently awaiting the next installment in the life of odelia patience grey......the best new heroine to spring from the pages of a book in years . 
books pos 888.txt i found this book to be helpful as an overall general guide . it covers much of the general information needed to start and keep a saltwater tank . i was hoping to get more detailed information about different tank environments ( reef , fish-only , invertebrates ) , saltwater species , diseases , etc. i would suggest for the true beginner 
books pos 513.txt yo money . this book really puts it all into perspective . i like fish and gritts . after reading this book i can break doors and stuff . i am one with the universe . gard your gril 
books pos 993.txt brooke dojny 's new england cookbook : 350 recipes from town and country , land and sea , hearth and home , is a stunning achievement , a magnum opus of a cookbook . published by the harvard common press , the book chronicles the cookery of new england from maine to connecticut , from the first thanksgiving to the present . dojny 's approach to the region goes well beyond new england standbys like clam chowder ( although she offers three tempting recipes ) and spans practically all the food traditions of all the ethnic groups who ever called new england home . the eight baked bean recipes in the book include one for cuban black beans and yellow rice and another for west indian peas ' n rice . new england cookery has embraced food from all over the world - - besides caribbean , you 'll find culinary influences of native american , english , portuguese , italian , irish , german scandinavian , greek , french and hungarian cooks - - and all are represented in this book . yet , for all its broadness of scope , this is a very personal book ; dojny 's voice can be heard throughout , in the headnotes , sidebars and essays that describe the people and places associated with the recipes . the book is also a wealth of new england food history and lore , as well as tips on cooking techniques and ingredients . bravo ! ( excerpted from the culinary connection , the newsletter of the connecticut women 's culinary alliance 
books pos 316.txt overall , i think this is a very good book for someone who is trying to turn their health habits around , but is overwhelmed by all of the possibilities . it also a good track to run on for someone who wants to implement important life changes in an easy step-wise fashion . there is nothing fanatical about the recommendations and they can be easily implemented by almost anyone . one of the things i most like about this book is the encouraging tone and the prioritization of various changes that are made little-by-little in eating habits , exercise , etc. this book recommends walking as the main source of exercise and gives some great arguments for why this makes sense . i think there are also some good and simple nutritional guidelines e.g. eliminated trans fatty acids , eating more fiber , using more olive oil , etc. mixed in with some well researched conclusions are dr. weil 's opinions . for example , he recommends a fairly simple supplementation regimen . while it is true that not everything he says is necessarily supported by corresponding studies , it is also probably that some of it is on the mark , but the data is not all in or all of the variables are not possible to isolate . at the least , i do n't see where this level of supplementation would do harm to most people . i also like that dr. weil takes a holistic approach to health . he not only looks at and talks about the body . he also addressed stress and relaxation , life attitudes and other ingredients of a healthy life that impact on health . while he is very commercial , he is also a harvard trained physician and i do think that he has some very good insights to share . while in some ways i think this book can be better . i would still recommend it to almost anyone , especially people who are intimidated by the idea of exercising and changing their life habits . while not every suggestion might be on target , i am sure that if someone implemented all the suggestions over eight weeks , they would undergo a big positive change in the state of their health . i have certainly found this to be true and i cheat on some of them ; 
books pos 354.txt this book , " the relatives came " by cynthia rylant and illustrated by stephen gammell , was a delight to read . i found myself smiling as i read the words that made the artwork come alive . likewise , i found myself recollecting over the memories of the past when my relatives would come to visit . and , i felt as if i , too , were a part of this book . having experienced growing up in a small town where you don ` t see that many people , i believe that when relatives come to visit , it almost seems like christmas . as a result , when the book expressed the joy , laughter , and celebration of family , it stirred up these memories of the past . unquestionably , almost anyone , from children to adults , could find themselves reminiscing and longing for the fun they had when their relatives come to visit . 
books pos 549.txt dr. amen has changed my life and the lives of several members of my family . the stigma associated with mental illness is deep-seated and difficult to overcome . understanding the root causes , particularly the genetic predisposition within families , is the indispensable first step in coming to grips with dealing with life-long problems . these problems are often not adequately addressed via behavior modification or cognitive therapies because they get the cart before the horse : they do not deal with the biological root causes . once those are dealt with , the learned behaviors and habitual patterns can be peeled away to create a whole new start on life . however , without the understanding of the causes and types of underlying brain conditions , one is often doomed to the roll the rock up the same hill only to see it roll down again as we watch . take my advice . if the brain pattern descriptions look all too familiar , get help as recommended . you will become a new person , the one you were created to be . and that is a wonderful thing 
books pos 477.txt this book is fantastic . it has changed my life and i highly recommend it 
books pos 91.txt this book appears on most of the ' best of ' science fiction lists that various pundits and critics have put out , even though it is not a very commonly known work . does it deserve such a placing ? i think the answer to that depends upon what your viewpoint is about what science fiction , as a form of literature , is supposed to accomplish . the idea is simple enough . a new drug , developed from the bacteria that causes syphilis , is found to have the property of greatly increasing a person 's intelligence , but with major side effect - it kills the user in about nine months . the story follows one louis sacchetti , a conscientious objector to a seemingly interminable war , and who would already be considered to be a genius by most standards , as he is transferred from a standard prison to a facility specially constructed to see what will happen to its inmates when given this drug . the story is told through the means of a journal that louis is encouraged , almost forced , to keep . as this idea is extremely similar to that of daniel keyes ' flowers for algernon ( which was later made into the movie charly ) , comparison is invited . flowers emphasizes the tragedy of the hero , a man who struggles to find those bits of knowledge that will help not just himself but all mankind , up against an unbeatable problem , that of his own retreat to sub-normal intelligence again . camp concentration follows a completely different path , that of the essential selfishness of the individual , of nihilism , of the despair of ever being able to change humanity in any meaningful way . the inmates that louis initially documents are apparently using their greatly enhanced intelligence to investigate alchemy as a means of providing immortality , not for humanity in general , but for themselves and the ' warden ' of this prison , humphrey haast . louis , meanwhile , seems caught up in crafting new poems and a play , entitled ' auswitch , a comedy' . the title is indicative of something disch does throughout this book , playing with names and titles to produce another layer of meaning behind the straightforward words , and is fairly effective in doing so . the tone is the primary thing here , a very dark , brooding atmosphere , enlivened by a very wide ranging vocabulary and many references , both buried and open , to other works of literature ( most especially dante ) , and scientific and psychological theories . readers who are not familiar with these references may feel a little lost at places in this book - at least i did , as my breadth of knowledge in these areas is clearly more limited than disch's . but from this tone , disch develops his themes of the corruption of man , of his baser desires , the absolute horrors of what man is capable of , and where such capacity leads . as such , this book is almost the complete antithesis of flowers for algernon - that is , until the ending of this book . the ending of this book , i felt , rather drastically detracted from its overall message , as it does n't seem to fit with the rest , and has a little of a deus-ex-machina feel to it . given the many layered discourse that disch presented in the rest of the book , which while sometimes difficult to follow , was certainly excellent writing , this ending was a disappointment . while this is certainly a major entry into the dystopian side of science fiction literature , whether it truly qualifies as a ' classic ' will be , i 'm afraid , very much a matter of opinion for a long time to come . but it is certainly worth reading , if for nothing else than to see the darker side of genius competently presented . - - - reviewed by patrick shepherd ( hyperpat 
books pos 93.txt before getting this book , i knew the advantages for shooting with the raw file format , but dreaded the workflow issues associated . bruce 's book changed all that and now i ca n't wait to shoot using raw more often . not only did bruce throroughly explain the advantages of using raw , but he also tells you where adobe camera raw works better than photoshop , where photoshop works better than acr , and how to automate a few of the functions to improve your workflow dramatically . i ca n't begin to explain how much time i now save when processing raw files . it 's not a long book , but i have to say it has been one of the most helpful photoshop books i ever bought . i 'll never use my camera 's native raw software again 
books pos 84.txt left for dead by her kidnappers , lore is found by the mysterious woman spanner , who teaches her to survive by her wits and to live in the dark world of crime . the two become lovers , but lore wants legitimacy and to heal from her various wounds ( her past with her family , her weeks with the kidnappers ) , so she leaves , taking a new identity , and tries to fit in . ultimately , lore cannot run from her demons forever , and she must either choose to stay in the shadows or to face the truths of her past . set in the not-so-distant future , & quot ; slow river&quot ; weaves lore 's pasts and present together into an astonishingly compelling tale . at the heart of the book is the story of a young woman healing from abuse , and the science fiction aspects are simply the setting and enhancing details . & quot ; slow river&quot ; is the type of book that transcends whatever genre in which it 's placed : it 's more than a science fiction story , more than a coming-of-age story , more than a lesbian love story , more than a story of healing from abuse . this is a book that makes one believe in the power of fiction 
books pos 535.txt this is a cute tale of of young girl fantasizing about an adventurous and unfettered life , not a bitter anti marriage tirade . her suiters are symbols of adult responsibility , which she will ultimately grow into . in the meantime , she is having a good time . the story is funny , the illustrations lively and colorful 
books pos 89.txt a refreshing look on software development and the many pitfalls you need to avoid . this book should be read by everybody involved in any software project but the simplest . in my opinion , a standard work . nevertheless , it needs to be handled with care . during ages , sw development managers have tried convincing their people to break out of the chaos , and plan their work . this book correctly warns for the opposite effects of believing that planning solves everything . some people might however read between the lines that no planning at all is the best practice . the book confirms what i and my successful colleagues found through experience and intuition : there is an optimal point of planning upfront . less harms because you do n't know where you are going , more ( too detailed ) harms because it takes away flexibility and it slows you down significantly . new to me was the use of queuing theory to point out what we see every day : too many features , under-resourcing leads to far bigger delays than human mind can ever guess . 
books pos 763.txt rather a funny novel , gets off to a slow start but the end is superb . worth reading 
books pos 712.txt this book rocks ! every writer on this project knows how to create an image of the invictus . its just like i imagined it but better . the blood oaths are incredible and will add so much to my game . the subtlties of dress as outlined in the beginning of the story are already a part of my elysium and the book came out a scant week ago . this book will make your chronicle rock if the invictus are your antagonists they will be much better for you having read this if they are the majority of your pc 's ( like in my game ) get it now and tell your players to do the same . this is a must have for anyone who really wants to portray the byzantine politics of the requiem 
books pos 510.txt this was actually the first kellerman novel i read and i found it kind of dull at first , but that 's only because i did n't know any of the situations or people among whom i was thrust . after reading a couple earlier books , i have re-read this one and i now find it interesting . so , i would really have to recommend that one tries to read the series more or less in order . this one starts out with alex delaware seeing a new girlfriend named allison . robin has married another man after some ten ( ? ) years with alex . [i have n't read the one where she actually leaves yet ( unless this is the first mention of it ) , but if she broke his heart ... ! ] see , i had no idea who robin was first time i read this - makes a difference . the cuuuuute little dog named spike makes an appearance too . first time i read it , he was just an irritating little squirt , but now i know just how adorable he can really be and it was nice seeing him again . alex 's police pal milo is a lieutenant now and can pick and choose his cases . he and alex are together when they come across a grisly crime scene . a young couple has been brutally murdered and the woman can not even be identified . milo draws alex into the investigation and it gets complicated . everything seems to lead back to the dead boy 's psychologist and when she turns up murdered too , things really start cooking with gas ! i adore detective milo sturgis . i know alex is the star , but i ca n't help it . milo is such a great character 
books pos 580.txt this was an amazing read . i could n't put it down . if you like csi , then you will love this books . the forensics are very interesting . you would never guess who the killer is ! i was totally shocked when i got to the end 
books pos 822.txt my son is 9 and absolutely loves this book . we 've limited it to one activity a day so that he does n't finish it too quickly ( there are only about 35 or 40 in the book ) . i would recommend this book for any creative child - we will definately be buying more in this series 
books pos 312.txt i love readding calvin and hobbes . best cartoon from the newspaper and great books . what a great imagination the writer is . 
books pos 319.txt this book covers in depth the lbo of rjr nabisco in the late 1980s . recommended to me by an investment banker friend that knew i wanted to go into m&a work , i decided to read it . i thought the book was excellent , but maybe unnecessarily long . the authors were meticulous in explaining everything about the deal and those involved - from the history to every single meeting and telephone conversation . the two authors never mentioned whether they were present during every conversation or not , but did an incredible job at recreating all that happened nonetheless . for someone interested in pursuing a top wall street job , this book is a must . for everyone else that just likes good non-fiction , this book does a superb job at representing the greed of an era 
books pos 241.txt i , too , have an ma in american history , and i was never given reason to think about each of two questions raised by this important book . firstly and fundamentally , what was the timetable by which the british military were expected to leave the former colonies , and , second , what " property " could they take with them , especially as " property " had a very particular meaning here in the new nation ? was the revolution in large part fought to maintain slavery ? that surely bears on the problematic nature of our constitution . the wonderfully gifted writer and historian ( would that they were always the same thing ! ) poses these vital questions . and we are fortunate that the near simultaneous publication of david b . davis ' inhuman bondage complements this fine effort . so , as one reviewer suggests , it is in some ways an overwritten period , but schama and davis add something new and exciting to the dialogue . my thanks 
books pos 519.txt a wonderful wonderful book.although the book was written some 150 year ago , mary eliza rogers takes you into the intimacies of daily life in palestine in the 1850 's as if it was occurring today . she writes from her heart with honesty , integrity and a clear mind . and although written at a time of victorian prejudicies and colonialism she writes without bias or judgement . from her beautiful and colourful descriptions one can envisage the holy land as it was before undergoing the process of modernisation and change . for anyone who has any attachment to this land it is a truly wonderful and personal experience to read this book 
books pos 377.txt as china re-emerges as a dominant power in the 21st century , much will hinge on the beliefs of the people in that country when it comes to the actions it takes and tolerates around the world . oddly , the fascism of the communist regime remains largely in place in the era following mao 's disastrous reign , even as capitalism and other western ideals spread like wildfire through this huge , heavily-populated , and ( from a western perspective ) oftentimes strange land . aikman does an excellent job of covering the basic bullet points of the history of christianity in china , as well as introducing readers to the many chinese christians who have led or continue to lead the church in their country . on a recent trip to china , i was highly impressed by the deep generosity , humility , resourcefulness , strength , perseverance , and kindness exhibited by chinese of all ages . this spirit hums just below the surface in the stories aikman tells of the christian chinese and their faith . this spirit is also , i believe , one of the major reasons why the life and teachings of jesus seem to so easily take root in the hearts of so many chinese . also , those who are concerned that a " christian china " would somehow gut the land of its culture and heritage while propping up a westernized facsimile in its place should rest easy . it seems that the faith is spreading through this nation in a very distinctly chinese way 
books pos 325.txt i disagree with several of the reviews here which cite several specific points of contention as making the book entirely worthless . i think it easily earns 4.5 - 5 stars . it is over a decade old now , and i do n't think it is intended as a source for scholars of english . but , for the amateur linguist and even the wannabe linguist it is a great read . i ca n't compete with some of the above reviewer 's scholarly points , but i do n't think replacing some of bryson 's dogma with their own is worthwhile . mother tongue is a great starting point and very educational . " bryson 's dictionary of troublesome words " is also a great introduction and gets 5 stars from me . 
books pos 547.txt as gifted a story teller as he is a veterinarian , james herriot has the rare ability to bring out every emotion known to the human race with a single magical flick of his pen . every living thing is without a doubt one of the crowning achievements of a master , and is possessed by a single , true trait that is difficult to find in many commercial books - every single tale is told straight from the heart . you will never fail to laugh at the hilarious tales and cry at the most poignant moments . if you 're an animal lover , or even just have a passing interest in animals , this is a book you will hold on to and re-read until the end of your days . kudos , james herriot , you are very much missed 
books pos 211.txt when one begins to despair about the quality ( or lack thereof ) of the modern novel you come across a gem which dispels that despair for the time being . not only is this one a gem but also it is something much more and being just over 240 pages one that i finished all too quickly . i could not get enough of it . the narrator and main character of the novel is a mr. stevens who is the butler of a mansion where he heads a considerable compliment of staff to keep it running smoothly . his employer , a lord darlington , is doing what he can to alleviate some of the supposed harsher terms of the versailles treaty and realizes too late that he was being used as a pawn by the germans . and what did mr. stevens think of this ? he did n't , he maintains that wondering about what was happening would have interfered with his running of the estate . there is also the head housekeeper that he buts heads with a few times and also a few other instances which makes one wonder if she has something other that a professional interest in mr. stevens . you 'll have to read the book if you want to know more . i read mainly victorian literature simply because they are well written and what passes for a novel nowadays usually is not . if you get this book you will not be sorry . 
books pos 405.txt this is the best reference i 've seen for it interviews . i 've seen many of these questions at interviews and at one it appeared they had pulled questions from the book . the technology specific questions are excellent 
books pos 574.txt this dark tragi-comedy resonates with the dramatic potential of hamlet , but and edge particular to jacobean drama . a play which is still relevant today ( many students related it to & quot ; the godfather&quot ; ) , and brimming with cinematic violence , lust , deception , vengence , and , with all this , communicated through beautiful poetry 
books pos 139.txt this book is so awesome ! ! ! it has so much great info in it . it is a book that is so easy to read before you know it your done . it makes you really think about your relationship prior affair and after affair . what went wrong and were it went wrong at . it offers so many was to open up communication and how to talk to one another without fighting . there isnt enough things to say how awesome this book is . must have for anyone in a bad situation . it has a questionnaire at the end that both partners can do and an agreement for both partners to read and sign . it helps lift your spirit and makes you think that this isnt the end of the world and that you can make it through . i have a new found hope for my marriage and a new attitude towards everything . i am looking at the bigger picture and the brighter side of things . i am alive and i still have my family and my husband . we go to thearpy and with all the great info in this book just put what we have learned into action and hopefully great results will be the outcome . get this book you wont regret it ! ! ! 
books pos 315.txt as a student studying mathematics , i find it very useul ! packed with 3200 terms and 200 illustrations , it 's a great quick reference guide . i found things in this guide that i could n't find in any other book or guide . another thing about this reference guide is the lack of poor illustrations and examples . some things this guide helped me with is parabolas , ellipses , hyperbolas , gamma funtion , zeta function , feigenbaum number , the greek alphabet , and much more . i thank david nelson and penguin books for such excellent work 
books pos 11.txt i 've been very critical of the fiction work of john grisham in recent years and have said many times that he needed to take more time to write his novels to make the stories more interesting . well , he has taken time off of writing novels to write this interesting , if not spectacular non-fiction work of the trials and tribulations of ronald williamson , a former minor league baseball player implicated in a murder and sentenced to death row . i wo n't go into the details of williamson 's ordeal , but i will say that grisham has written a pretty cut-and-dried book , that probably would have been handled better by career crime writers , but is still interesting nonetheless . he does a good job giving the details of ron 's case and what he and his family had to go through as events unfolded and ron suffered from growing mental issues . grisham did n't even think about writing ron 's story until after ron passed away , so there are no interviews to draw upon , but he does a decent job of tying it all together . i will also say that although he is anti-death penalty , he does n't hammer that opinion at you . he lets the story itself do the talking . i 'm actually interested in how this book will impact the quality of grisham 's next novel , as he 'll have actually gone almost 3 years between novels by that time . hopefully the break will result in a more classic work like " the firm " or " a time to kill " , not dreck like " the king of torts " 
books pos 236.txt these books will one day be recorded as history told before its time . while the mainstream shurgs him now , he will be required reading years to come 
books pos 401.txt how many times have i wished dr. dolittle could come visit me and just talk to my 16-year-old curmudgeon and have rambo pass along what 's got him yelling all night.... . " twisted whiskers " is the next best thing . pam johnson discusses a wide variety of feline behavior problems in cats ' terms so we can form better human-feline cohabitation . her chapters on " old age " and " depression " were indispensible in dealing with rambo . in addition , johnson talks about natural remedies rather than having us end up with a generation of doped-up furbabies . johnson lists the bach 's flower remedies and their appropriate applications and doseages for felines . excellent read ! highly recommended for new and old-time cat companions . 
books pos 977.txt beautiful book with impressive photos and info on contemporary and cutting edge designs in prefab home . great sampling of the most modern designs and some info about them . could have been more detail on the homes 
books pos 774.txt qbq ! by john miller is simply amazing . this little book is a grand slam all the way ! qbq strips away all the excuses and reminds us again where it is the buck is supposed to stop . if you 're looking for an instruction manaual for leaders , here it is . people do n't need tricks , methods , myths or secrets...what they really need is a tool that helps them step up to the plate and be accountable for their own results . one of the biggest weaknesses of the american workforce is the ability to accept responsibility and accountability for our own actions . bravo for qbq 
books pos 4.txt this is one of the best biographies i have ever read . you can tell the authors put a lot of time and effort into this work - it 's a true labor of love . filled with beautiful photos and extensive bibliographical notes , this one is a keeper . who knew miss francis was such a " wild child " ? whether you 're a film scholar or a movie buff , lynn kear 's book deserves a special spot in your bookcase . 
books pos 705.txt when i started reading this book , i began to cry . i saw myself over and over again . and it is so comforting to know i am not the only person feeling this way , hurting this much . i am not quite finished yet , but so far i have learned so much i did n't know and also found suggestions for coping i had n't encountered . now if someone could only come up with a cure 
books pos 649.txt renowned artist and tarot scholar / writer robert m. place has produced a masterpiece in his new tarot 384 page companion book , the buddha tarot companion : a mandala of cards . this book affords a rich unique perspective of the tarot through the lens of the buddhist paradigm . the companion deck comes in a beautifully illustrated box containing exquisitely designed cards that fit perfectly in my hand , a tiny black gossamer bag plus a bordered little white box with the instructions , " embellish this box with protective and / or empowering symbols . " other suggestions that greet you as you begin your journey with the buddha cards include : " smudge with sage to cleanse and re-energize the cards after a reading . " and " store your deck with stones or crystals that absorb negative energy , promote healing , or provide protective energy . " also included in the box is a mini-book with guidelines on reading these particular cards . both items are published by llewellyn , who as always , have taken great care to ensure quality and aesthetics in the way the cards are packaged and presented . robert has done an amazing job in correlating the life of the buddha with the tarot journey through the cards . he describes how the major arcana fits perfectly with the life of siddhartha and his journey of enlightenment . each of the tarot trumps is a stage on the mystic 's journey to enlightenment . in fact , it is mr. place 's belief that the creators of the tarot were directly influenced by the life of the buddha , and incorporated archetypes into the major arcana based on his journey . he teaches that the ancient wisdoms were not isolated from one another . instead , " the classical world maintained communications with india and the ancient western philosophers were familar with indian philosophies . " as well , the islamic world introduced the christians to the life of the buddha during the middle ages . " the european christians were enamored with the story , and they transformed him into a christian saint - st. josaphat . " i was fascinated by the titles given to the major arcana cards . each of the 23 cards reflect an important aspect of the siddhartha 's personal journey to become the enlightened one , the buddha . robert place has created a deck and book that not only meets the needs of people who practice eastern beliefs . he also acts as a mediator to help people of the western world learn about and appreciate the noble tenets of buddhism and its teachings for life . i highly recommend this deck - i found it very easy to follow , the graphics are amazingly detailed and artistically rendered and the companion book clearly helps you to learn to " read " using a buddhist world view . 
books pos 269.txt the penguin guide is still the best in the business . it has its biases but you ca n't beat its comprehensiveness and the reviewers wide range and love of the music are evident 
books pos 626.txt this book provides great insight on modern business development concepts and design techniques . the framework provided will save hours of time spent building common libraries or frameworks . the industry support via codeplex and the csla forum site speak volumes of the value it provides . 
books pos 934.txt this book immodestly bills itself as a unique compilation of useful information for architects . it is devided into six sections dealing with measure and drawing , proportion and form , codes and guidelines , systems and componenets , characteristics of materials and a catchall final section entitled a compendium . in turn , each section is illustrated with wonderful line drawings and quick run downs of architectural details . i am doubtful that any architect or engineer would find this book helpful in their practice . the level of detail their professions require cannot be found in this slender volume . they rely on detailed , encyclopedic volumes of construction details . this book is meant for architectural enthusiasts and non-professionals . i would recommend it highly for an owner who is overseeing a bulding project . this book is helpful in translating architectural and building terms into easily understood language . this volume would also be helpful to entry level general contractors , interior designers and people trying to design their own homes . this book is a well written introduction to an area of study that requires years of training and access to very detailed volumes of architectural details . 
books pos 69.txt i read an interview with mr. vollman , i think a couple years ago , i ca n't quote directly but he said he thought that prostitutes were very spiritual people . they save marriages , they provide comfort to the loneliest , most desperate among us . in practically the same breath he observed that they spread disease and sometimes rob their johns . that kind of duality is at the heart of much of vollman 's writing . on the surface , whores for gloria is one desperate , delusional man , so eager for even the illusion of relatedness that he attempts to recreate gloria with bits and pieces of other prostitutes . it is n't fully clear if gloria herself was ever real , but regardless , it is now a quest to fill that void collage style with physical samples , such as hair clippings , as well as emotional artifacts . the most poignant scene may be the protagonist hiring a prostitute , and wanting nothing more than to hear happy childhood memories . the prostitute complies as best she can but , story after story , the narratives veer into disturbing material . the hardest thing for the human to do is to hold opposite opinions about one thing at the same time . the more intelligent and observant one is , the more painfully aware of the absurdity of this task , the more painfully aware of the mental contortions necessary to maintain the illusion of meaning . this is where the magic lies in true artistc genius , such as a thelonius monk solo or , in this case , vollman 's writing . i 've never read anything that better communicates simultaneous beauty and ugliness . and no better forum than gutter sex , which vollman renders both repulsive and compelling . and he does n't do it by being overly clever . he does it through the chaos of brute honesty . whatever compositional gymnastics go into the writing , the end product is very readable and deceptively simple 
books pos 825.txt anyone who reads this book would not be surprised at the runaway success of the & quot ; left behind&quot ; series , since it demonstrates that a preoccupation with bible prophecy affects a much wider demographic than the fundamentalist subculture . indeed , the impact of premillenial thought has extended all the way up to the reagan white house . and , christian or not , who has n't heard of the term & quot ; antichrist&quot ; or the significance of the number & quot ; 666&quot ; ? this book presents a fairly comprehensive survey of popular eschatology , including the role of israel , russia , the arab countries , europe , and the united states . it also shows how those beliefs have changed over the years ( turkey was considered gog and magog before russia was , and the pope was designated as the antichrist for years before hitler and henry kissinger came along ) . the final chapter , written at the brink of the collapse of the soviet union , demonstrates how , once again , premillenial thought adjusts itself ( or sometimes not ) depending upon world conditions . this is a fair , even-handed treatment of a religious and cultural phenomenon 
books pos 1000.txt i wish i could give this book four and a half stars instead of four ; i ca n't quite justify five stars in my mind . two of the stories were definitely good : the first , " masked riders " by parhelion , and the third , " ricochet " by ba tortuga . i enjoyed both , but was not particularly snowed by the intensity of the conflict / plot line or the main characters and their relationships . not so the second story : " hung up " by cat kane was a powerful , intense and moving story about two delightful yet flawed characters who had secrets that tore their relationship up until they were able to work their ways ( separately ) around the issues . that story deserved a five stars plus rating and i wish kane would turn it into a full length novel and develop the characters and their backgrounds more . this book is an excellent read both for the plot line and the erotic substance . enjoy 
books pos 839.txt the story is about peter growing up with his family in north dublin and is set in the 1960's . the tightly knit family relations with his own family and those of his extended family of lodgers , which his parents took in to supplement his father 's income , forms the backdrop to his story at 44 seville place . the pace of the book has the rhythm of the sixties . the short sentences beat out the rhythm of the sixties and keeps the tempo up-beat throughout the whole of the book . for those who have experienced dublin in the sixties this book will take you back to that place and that time . the metaphorical pieces were very touching and masterfully executed . one example of this technique was when peter tries to get to grips with his emotions concerning the possible loss of his brother frankie before frankie goes into surgery . a joy to read . da is the sun and all the minor planets revolve around him . peter takes to his role as mercury the messenger with great relish . there is a strong bond between father and son . i feel this story should not be compared to frank mccourt 's angela 's ashes . a one generation step into the future in ireland can make a very big difference in how life is experienced . it was a very enjoyable read whereby the need to laugh out loud in places could not be silenced . however there were places in the book where the need to cry out loud could also not be silenced . 
books pos 875.txt as a working mom , this was a book i could n't resist . of course , i do n't bear much of a resemblance to the mama in this story , but i think my toddlers ( both boys ) get the picture . the comforting notion seems to resonate with them that after a long day , mama will come home to the sweet bedtime routine . 
books pos 524.txt this is the author 's presentation of the satipatthana sutra , the basic sutra on mindfullness . as in all of his works he does the work of a good dharma teacher very well . he keeps his own personality and teaching idiosyncrasies out of the way so that the student 's understanding can arise naturally . there are more elaborate and academic descriptions of the sutra available and more detailed descriptions of how to use the sutra in meditation . but this is good basic information presented in a good manner with no frills or personal quirks . the author gives a good commentary on the sutra and explains why he translates certain passages , but he also gives the alternate interpretations . this is a fine basic introduction to the central issue in vapassana meditation . highly recommended 
books pos 214.txt i was shocked to open this book and find the author 's words targeting the very soul of my writing . it is a book about craft , not a pop culture & quot ; i wanna write a book&quot ; manual.gerard shows a great understanding of the motivation behind the need and desire to write well . he speaks to those who are willing to put effort and excellence where their pen meets the page.i heartily recommend this book 
books pos 860.txt as crow puts it , if it had not snowed on that monday in march . the snow led to a chain of circumstances with crow bringing a homeless teenager home for dinner and a place to stay for the night . it turns out that the teenager , lloyd , was a witness to a crime , and that draws tess into the case when she connects lloyd to a news reporter . events disrupt her life as the case develops and federal agents demand that she reveal the name of the source . the story starts with a narration by crow , and alternates between crow , tess , and other characters in the story . you will get a lot more crow in this novel than in others . the story has an interesting ending , and you can wonder if lloyd will show up again . you get some information along the way about baltimore soup kitchens and the homeless , and a view of the underside of society where life is sometimes cheap 
books pos 741.txt i first picked up this book because i 've always been interested in what young writers have to say . but i have to admit , even i was a little surprised . this story mind the mythicism , is a real representation of what young children 's minds sometimes go through . that idea of a person you fabricated , gaining more reality than necessary . congrats to ms. oyeyemi for her brilliant attempt to shine some light on this realm that few share conversations about . she is one i 'll keep in my mind for a while . if you like young writers , you should check out charles hedji 's fields of discovery . i 'm an avid reader once again 
books pos 727.txt i think this is the best book that i have ever read . i thought that the civil war was very , very boring but when our class started to read bull run i knew that i was wrong . the way that paul fleischman writes he would leave you wanting to read more . from the way paul fleischman described the characters to the words that paul flesichman use to set the tone of the characters he just seem to draw a cool picture of what is going on in your minds eye . each character has a different story of the war and of life . i would suggest this book to anyone who is learning about the civil war . it supplies you with a lot of information you might not get in the history book and tells it in a way that makes you want to learn . this book was excellent from the first page i read . even though this novel is very brilliant , some people might not like it . if they can not wait to know what happens to a favorite character , like one of my favorite characters dietrick herz . he had the funniest voice i ever heard . when paul fleischman leaves you hanging he really leaves you hanging . but the only way to find out the ending is to read the entire book and find out what happens for yourself . and trust me it will be worth your while this truly is a magnificent book . the best that i have ever read and if i liked it then for surely you will love it too , trust me . before i read bull run i had only read books with one or two characters and this type of book was really , really new to me . i had to get use to it a little but since it was n't very hard to read it only took a short time to adjust to the bull run story by paul fleischman . some of the characters that i really liked was toby boyce because he had a good attitude on trying to learn how to use the fife . another was carlotta king because she had a very spunky voice in this story like how the yankees would get rid the of the law so that the slaves could be free and be in control of there own religion and what i mean by that is they can practice there own religion . another one of my favorite characters is vergil peavy . i think that he was my favorite character because of the way he sounds in the story . in the story he sounds like he 's from texas also the way how he talks about the war like they were the big war heroes . and my last favorite character is shem suggs because he was the lonly one who likes to talk about horses and to horses also what they are like who they should be with . shem suggs is the person who takes care of all the horses , that he watches pretty much like baby sitting the horses . but the reason i really really like him is because he minds his own business and does n't talk to people about the war and the politics all he talks to are his friends which are the horces . that is the reason why i like shem suggs the best out of all the other characters the best because he is smart 
books pos 911.txt i would recommend the power of simplicity to everyone . this book goes far beyond a discussion of marketing strategy . the idea of simplicity is relevent to all aspects of life . this book is full of useful information and contraversial suggestions pertaining to marketing strategy . although the book is considered an educational read , i feel that it is extremily entertaining as well . it 's just an interesting book , it doesnt get much simpler than that 
books pos 133.txt this is a straightforward description of reading and writing the arabic script . if you have no experience with arabic i think you would still need to locate a teacher or native speaker as some of the letters are very difficult to pronounce as native english speakers . however for the most part its easy to follow and would give you a great start , especially before you take an arabic course . if it came with a cassette with pronouciation i would have given it 5 stars 
books pos 810.txt williams 's ear for dialogue , his eye for character , his exploration of love , longing and loneliness are as powerful in these short stories as they are in his plays . on occasion , the glimmer of a future work rises out of the text , such as the line , " but the sweet bird of youth had flown from pablo gonzales.. . " 
books pos 165.txt this book describes the eleven-year psychotherapy process for a woman with sixteen different personalities . the analysis process took place from 1954 through 1965. sybil , the subject of the book , was a child of the 1920 's and 30 's , and her multiple-personality disease was a result of her family 's genetic history and her fundamentalist , repressed , and abusive upbringing . much of sybil 's struggles were due to the time period in which she lived- -her family had mental illness but felt that ignoring it and focusing on other pursuits was the best course of action . she was so denied the exploration of her feelings that she choked back all symptoms of mental illness and tried to act normal , hindering her recovery for years . i am still in shock over the patience and dedication that was required to work with the frustratingly different personalities over a period of eleven years ! i got frustrated at the slow and relapse-prone re-integration process at the end of the book , and i admire schreiber for painstakingly recounting the process instead of using hollywood-style short-cuts . sybil 's recovery and emergence as a complete , functional woman in her forties was a very hard-won victory . during the revealing of sybil 's personalities , i really liked vicky . she was the all-seeing personality who know the lineage of all others . i liked her better than i liked the backbone-less sybil , and i wanted her to exist for this lost woman . during the personality-integration process , i learned that all of the personalities were a part of sybil , and such exaggerated emotion as vicky 's had to be integrated in to part of the whole sybil . overall , this is an amazing book that well stands the test of time . 
books pos 546.txt the color tabs really help you know what section to look at . the only disadvantages of this field guide are that it does n't document every species in north america and that the new national geographic field guide to the birds of north america , fifth edition has the blue grouse split into the sooty and dusky grouse making it more up to date ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! still , this field guide has many good things . 
books pos 829.txt i am fortunate enough to have met ms. elaine stone herself and find her style to be that of great elegance , sophistication , grace , and poshness . she is by far the most fashionable person i have yet to meet . reading the dynamics of fashion as my textbook for my fm114 class i found it very informant and recommend it to everyone , even those who are not a student of fashion 
books pos 160.txt this is one of nora roberts ' best books ever ! i have read everything she 's written and this is now my all time favorite . i adore this book . the characters are interesting and very human , the plot is gripping and the background fascinating . callie , an archeologist , comes to a little town in maryland to set up a dig and ends up learning about her birth parents and reuniting with her ex-husband . what i really like about this is the two main characters already have a history before this book so its so much that they fall in love on the spur of the moment , like most romances ( including roberts ) . definitely a book i highly recommend for both the romance and the thrilling plot . it will keep you glued to the pages until you figure out who the bad guys are 
books pos 521.txt a quality photography book that visually recounts pertinent steps in the history of noir photography and more specifically , the creation of the term noir as it pertains to film and photography in the 20th c . in new york city . a breath of realism , history and fact that beautifully illustrates a fine curatorial example of the kinds of images published by the daily news that made this paper a forerunner in the telling of real stories suffered and celebrated by real people . william hannigan is to be commended for his fine selection of photographic and negative samples of a time not long past and still very alive in the movies and crime documents that inspire and fascinate us today . a necessary addition to any photo library of value 
books pos 308.txt love the idea for these books - perry mason - nancy drew - ca n't wait for the next one . love the research that gets sprinkled in to make a fun book . who 's next mike hammer - philip marlowe ? ? 
books pos 517.txt you will never look at these birds the same again - fansinating 
books pos 849.txt this classic chronicle of presidential campaigns , from the get-go to contemporary times , has the unusual virtue of being useful either as a collection of short readable chapters - each just the right size for a daily bus or train ride - or as a reference source . reading this in the wake of monicagate and the florida recount , it 's instructive to read the history of grover cleveland , who seems to have features of both past democratic candidates . like clinton , he had his scandals - fathering an illegitimate child . like gore , his career was rudely interrupted by an election which he won on popular votes but lost , in a hotly contested , knife-edge electoral college tally 
books pos 157.txt this book is so great and touching . as a mixed race teen this book gave me hope and confidence . it taught me to honest and open . it made me proud to be me . never has a book made me so convinced that i am great and wonderful to be multiracial . i thank the author for this awesome book . anyone who is biracial should read this book . not just once , but over and over , marking the poems and stories that you can most relate to and read them when you are feeling down on yourself . this is one & quot ; must have&quot ; book 
books pos 424.txt this book helps me understand . the book also helped me explain alzhiemers to families . i have recomended it to families 
books pos 10.txt zadie smith is one of the most powerful authors i have read in recent times . she is so subtle about the race factor that we do n't get to find out the races of the protagonists till the first 50 pages or so . she has also captured the emotions of kiki and zora perfectly ( why is it that women always stand out in emotional moments ! ) and the characters stay with you even after you put the book down . if you enjoyed the movie " crash " , you will love this one 
books pos 443.txt you do n't have to be a fan of & quot ; old&quot ; hollywood to enjoy this wonderful book about a famous restaurant and its even more famous clientele . fascinating stories accompanied by wonderful pictures . this is only enhanced by the actual recipes of this great restaurant . a wonderful coffee table book that will start conversations about movies , movie stars and great food 
books pos 986.txt i had a chance to read this book cover to cover . all i can say is & quot ; absolutely outstanding&quot ; , short of calling it a historical masterpiece in the field . very rarely do i encounter an epidemiology or biostatistic textbook that reads so well . it is optimally reader friendly ; the author appears to have such a talent in explaining some most sophisticated epidemiological and statistical concepts in such a simplified language . yet he does not sacrifice the inclusion of some very advanced epidemiological and statistical concepts . new concepts such as causal graphs and instrumental variables are also included and explained beautifully . i strongly recommend this book to all early to intermediate graduate students majoring in epidemiology . established epidemiologists may wish to read this book to refresh and update their knowledge . i hope the author writes more textbooks with the same style 
books pos 915.txt this book has opened up a whole new world for me , my husband , and my son . what a great idea to link reading and play ! each night we choose a book to read and an activity to go along with it . i highly recommed read it ! play it ! with babies and toddlers to anyone who has a child 
books pos 882.txt ...in the beginnig of the 1930 's , the turks would have succeeded in making the whole world forget about the armenian genocide that took place in 1915 / 16. turkey did succeed in putting pressure on the us-government in 1933 though , when a movie was supposed to be made based on this book , so the then us-government again put pressure on mgm not to make this movie . a foreign government coerced censorship in the unites states : just imagine that ! i hope the the making of the movie 
books pos 137.txt this is an excellent , fascinating and insightful read . dr guarneri knows her stuff and has writen this book well . she wrote it because obviously we need to think about nutrition , cholesterol and excercise , but there are deeper issues too like peoples emotions . she believes that heart problems can be caused by the stress 's in our lives and our emotions - we could litterally die of a broken heart . emotional events can weaken heart muscles . you produce stress hormones when you are upset which raise blood sugars and blood pressure etc which ultimately weaken or can destroy the heart . she talks about this in the book and on the flip side , talks about happy people too and how positive emotions and feelings do good for our hearts . when we are happy , our hearts beat in a coherent rythym . she says we have to look at our hearts in various ways . we need to look at it as a pump to keep us alive but to also look at the emotional heart , the mental heart and the spiritual heart in order to keep us healthy . i believe she knows her stuff and she wrote this well and has made it totally interesting and it 's looking at our hearts in a different way from other books on the same subject . if you have a healthy and happy outlook on life , you will also have a happy and healthy heart 
books pos 681.txt i used to draw animals and buildings years ago and decided i wanted to go back to that . and add fantasy creatures to my ability . this books covers drawing people , creatures and buildings . if you already having some drawing skill , this book is a great help . 
books pos 12.txt zig ziglar has done it again . as an author myself of sales books , i realize sales is about so much more than just having the ' gift of gab , ' and fast talking . it 's about asking the right questions and listening to the right answers . it 's about not just being a consultant to others , but being a consultant to yourself . it 's recognizing you are in the most honorable profession there is . zig 's theories exemplify this . 
books pos 156.txt i was referred to this book by my midwife ( debra o'conner ) as a book that i had to read as it 's content was so & quot ; right on&quot ; and was she ever right . i know alot about my body . i am a licensed massage therapist and a mother of a 3 year old that i had at home . i spent hours and hours learning about my body during the childbirth process . that was great knowledge to add to the physiology i learned during my massage training . this book though , is something that every woman in our culture today should read . i now understand so much about my life and the directions it has taken ! i hope to give this to everyone i know who has a daughter . i hope they will read it for themselves and then pass in on to their daughters when they feel the time is right . our culture today is so lacking in this kind of positive message . it is women 's reality and needs to be shared . of course it is written by a midwife ! thank you elizabeth 
books pos 755.txt going to barsetshire is a delightful book , and a much-needed accompaniment to the thirkell novels . ms. snowden obviously spent a great deal of time reading the 29 novels in thirkell 's barsetshire series , and has produced a companion to the series that makes it very easy to keep track of the characters , places , and cultural references , especially for an american who is not well versed in mid-20th century english esoterica . i also enjoyed the writing style and the well-chosen quotes . in addition to the book 's comprehensive content is its straightforward layout and user-friendly format . this exemplary reference guide is not a flashy publishing house production , but instead keeps with the simple charm of barsetshire in its quality and overall appearance . the original cover art , showing an idyllic barsetshire scene , is lovely . i heartily recomend the book to all thirkell fans 
books pos 813.txt this book is extremely informative , eye-opening & interesting for someone thinking about getting a tattoo . i was very happy with my purchase of this title and have such a more indepth & greater understanding of what is involved with tattooing . great buy 
books pos 356.txt walzer 's historical approach to examining just war theory is , i think , the most useful way to understand morality in war . that is so because empirical facts back up all the philosophical evaluations . walzer describes experience and draws conslusions here ; he is laying a philosophical foundation and implying , if not prescribing , moral norms from which the rules have been extracted . be forewarned , he does not cut the reader any slack . this book requires some serious attention to the author 's train of thought . just war theory has two categories : the justice of going to war , and the justice of fighting once in a war . walzer 's discussion usefully and clearly separates the two and examines via historical events what we regard as right and wrong within each sphere . in doing this he has done the modern world a tremendous service . his logical breakdown speaks to thousands of years of tradition about what thinkers have considered right and wrong in war . one of the best outcomes of this landmark work is the complete debunking of the notion that " all is fair in love and war . " that is the path of least moral resistance ( or as clausewitz would say , " friction " ) , yet we all know that soldiers are honored for fighting well and loathed for behaving like armed thugs and murderers . what is amazing from the discusion is the realization that walzer knows he has to attack that age-old notion , something our collective sense of justice has historically always rejected . yet it remains a prevailing idea for many . originally coined by the romans it seems ( walzer quotes them , " in war the laws are silent " ) , they themselves were self-consciously contrite over the fates they inflicted on the greeks and carthginians . the book rates five stars for rigorously addressing this issue alone . some make the mistake of thinking walzer is a pacifist- -far from it . on the otherside some critics find his argument about " supreme emergency " a moral failure and a cop-out . the case of nazi germany is his paradigmatic case of supreme emergency , one where normal rules may be relaxed , if ever so little , because of the especially pernicious nature of state-sponsored genocide . the same relaxation of restraints would likely apply to islamic terror . in contrast walzer does not see imperial japan , for instance , as having represented a supreme emergency , and so the atomic bombings and the fire bombings of cities could not be morally justified . readers may want to compare his view to paul fussell 's perspective in the essay " thank god for the atom bomb . " significantly for current events , readers interested in the distinction between pre-emptive and preventive war will find a well articulated argument here . the us attack on iraq was and still is often justified as pre-emptive . that impulse on the part of the neo-conservatives who devised or whipped up the casus belli reflects , i think , a need to cloak a morally questionable war in the robes of legitimacy . there is no way that attack can be justified under the historically accepted norms of " pre-emption . " michael walzer 's well-thought distinction between pre-emption and prevention makes sense even in the milieu of asymmetric warfare against terror and islamic radicalism , and it clearly shows why the iraq war was a moral mistake from the start , regardless of its practical success down the road , if we are fortunate enough to see that . the moral precedent of engaging in preventive war will continue to haunt america long into the future . the fact that iraq was not even on the spectrum where the fine line between pre-emption and prevention exists is a telling aspect of the overall ongoing strategic fiasco . where one fails to recognize the moral high ground , one is doomed to moral failure . walzer was vocal about the run-up to war in 2003 , and those who read his book would do well to find his comments about the iraq invasion ; they are edifying in terms of understanding the overall argument and where we are going in this role as the world 's police force 
books pos 760.txt did we need a gore vidal reader ? the author is something of a long-winded blowhard , commenting at length ( and i mean length ) on every topic imaginable . in that respect he is america 's voltaire , creating reams of comment and interpretation on politics , the arts , and religion and morals . it 's hard to say where vidal fits in the framework of 20th century criticism , as he is not a conventional leftist . because of his iconoclasm , this collection can only inform the reader about gore vidal , not his times nor any intellectual or political movement . all that said , vidal is a great essayist and a droll wit . this book is much too much for the casual reader - - stick to one of his many shorter collections instead - - but for a vidal fan ( or , say , a reader of & quot ; the nation&quot ; ) this book is worth the time commitment 
books pos 385.txt this is the 3rd , and unfortunately final , chapter in the triology . i got my husband to run out and buy it the tuesday it was released and finished it within 2 ( very late ) nights of reading . if you have read the 1st two books you will not be disappointed with this one . if anything , it is the best in the series with 2 really likeable characters - yo ! and if you have n't read " caught stealing " and " six bad things " , head to borders now so you can read them before " a dangerous man " . plan on not doing anything else for awhile because these books are just too intense to put down . pulp noir at its ' finest 
books pos 125.txt my boyfriend bought from the earth to the moon , and since he is an astrophysics student i expected that he would have enjoyed finding about people 's conceptions about going to the moon at that early time . he however summed up the book by saying that it contained a lot of basic things did n't make much sense . well , from a layman 's perspective i found from the earth to the moon engaging . it goes into the technical aspects of going to the moon and involves a reasonable amount of logic , physics and astronomy . even from my scientifically deprived perspective , a lot of things in the book did n't make much sense , such as the actual method of getting to the moon , but this does n't really take away from the book - it adds greatly to its appeal . the book contained some bizarre bits of humour and its whimsical nature never bordered into the ridiculous . i was kept wondering how much of this was actually going to work , and what these poor souls were going to come up with next . compared to twenty thousand leagues under the sea and even journey to the centre of the earth however , from the earth to the moon is noticeably less imaginative . verne uses everyday objects and ideas to make his ideas a reality , and much unlike his other works , does n't stray far from the earthly . some people may feel cheated by the predictable conclusion , but all in all from the earth to the moon is a good read . if you drop at the sight of f ( x ) = y , then this book is not for you because it involves some logical thinking , centripetal forces and the like which may be hard to assimilate . if you really know your physics theory then you may not appreciate the book either because of the theoretical meanderings that may have limited basis today . if you , like me are somewhere in the middle of these two extremes then from the earth to the moon is definitely worth your time . 
books pos 22.txt bob quinn is definitely one of the most profound writers on change in this era . but his work is not for the faint of heart because he challenges each of us to start change initiatives in the place we 'd least like to go - - inside ourselves . i found this an incredibly powerful book . i 've used sections of it with my " change management " classes for several years and i know it has a tremendous impact on students , who like most managers have grown up unconsciously believing that change always needs to start with the other guy . if you want a simple formula for change , do n't buy this book . although it is full of practical , actionable ideas , " change the world " addresses change at a profound level that asks readers to reflect seriously on what they stand for . it 's a very difficult but rewarding assignment 
books pos 781.txt the author not only argues for feminism , but she does so in a unique manner , and innovative approach by arguing for feminism across borders . she compares and defines literary and national borders . this book is extremely thorough on all aspects of chicana feminist writing available , by engaging historical theories as well as contemporary notions . to really grasp the experience , the author has certainly covered her basis in terms of depth , substance , truth and validity . 
books pos 326.txt i read desperation and enjoyed it immensely much like i did with the regulators also . this book is filled with suspense from page one . the book never drags in my opinion . this book though is not for the faint of heart . if you do n't enjoy high body counts and gore then you will not like this book and will most likely put it down by the second chapter . but if you do n't mind it at all like me you will enjoy the suspense he gives you and the twists and turns this book takes . the ending is by far the most suspenseful part . i also recommend reading desperation first because you will probably understand it better and get a better look on what tak is all about . the journal entries and newspaper articles are a very nice touch to the story and it lets you understand what is going on alot better also . i wish there was a part three to this but sadly there isn't . i ca n't choose between desperation and regulators because their both great but the regulators does have the more suspenseful end to it . although it is alot bloodier and may you even get a brief lump in your throat like i did when a tragic thing happens in the end . keep up the good work king 
books pos 460.txt excellent book - telling a shocking but real story of genocide on an unbelievable scale . 
books pos 54.txt " this was the first sales book i ever read . and today , 10 years later , i have it proudly displayed in my library . when i speak with clients who i now teach sales skills to , i still reference it from back in my days selling copiers in 1994. way to go stephan ! " 
books pos 617.txt i read the hundred penny box when i was in third grade 13 years ago . its messages of love and memory have stayed with me and will continue to do so forever . i have created my own hundred penny box and just made one for a friend 's newborn son . my grandfather was recently diagnosed with altzheimers , an illness i assume that great-great-aunt dew suffered from . i took my ratty old copy of the book to his house over easter . we read it together and discussed his own memories over the years . while his memory is fading , i felt it important to hear them myself , love them , and save them in my own memory as michael did for aunt dew . i would reccomend this book to any child who is losing a grandparent and anyone who needs a good , heartwarming story 
books pos 678.txt i give this book a 4 star rating , not because i believe in " the necronomicon " , but because this particular book has given some very interesting background and historical information on the occult scene in the 1970s . the simon necronomicon itself is an interesting tome ( though i doubt it 's " authenticity " per se ) . it is at least as valid a grimoire as any other , and more valid than some . " dead names " has provided a great deal of information on certain people whose backgrounds are generally not known as well as the unique " wandering bishop " phenomena and the so-called slavonic orthodox church . overall , both an informative and entertaining volume , whether you " believe " or not 
books pos 343.txt first published in 1936 , this is the 12th poirot book , the 3rd superintendent battle book , and the 2nd colonel race book , and has no narrator . it 's the first case in which superintendent battle , mrs. oliver , or col . race appear together with poirot or each other , and the only case in which *all* do so at once . the story opens at an exhibition of snuffboxes , where poirot encounters mr. shaitana , a collector with a catty manner and a knack for gossip . shaitana deliberately cultivates a mephistopholean pose , which at first makes him seem like the potential quarry in the case - but it becomes clear that he 's a victim waiting to happen . for shaitana , like a few other collectors in christie 's universe , has succumbed to a foolish temptation , and begun collecting *people* - and not just people of talent or genius , but murderers . and being a connoisseur , he collects only the best : those who have gotten away with it . he amuses himself on this occasion by boasting to poirot of his hobby , without naming names , and inviting him to a little supper party to meet his collection of " tigers " ( poirot having just pointed out that he himself could admire a tiger , but would do so from outside the tiger 's cage , having respect for the danger . ) poirot accepts the supper invitation , however , to find that there are seven other guests , including the three other detectives as well as four guests who are presumably the murderers : explorer major despard , a strong silent type ; mrs. lorrimer , a middle-aged widow who is *very* serious about bridge ; timid young anne meredith ; and dr. roberts , a loud and jovial general practitioner . shaitana drops hints referring to four possible methods of murder , but otherwise the subject does not come up , and the guests proceed to play bridge after supper - arising from the final game to find their host dead , stabbed sitting beside the fire in full view of the players ! this is , of course , poirot 's fantasy case , as he once remarked in the abc murders - because there is no tangible evidence against any one person more than another . there are only the people themselves , and their memories of the evening , and the bridge scores reflecting how the evening progressed . solving the case depends entirely on being able to understand the people involved . but how to get them to reveal their true selves to an interrogator - or to uncover the crimes that shaitana believed they 'd committed and gotten away with ? rather than following poirot 's viewpoint in third person throughout , some chapters follow battle , race , or mrs. oliver as they conduct their own enquiries into the case . each represents a different style : battle is a professional police officer , race an empire-builder-type secret agent , and mrs. oliver a writer of detective stories . battle , of course , has a duty to investigate shaitana 's murder , and does so in an orthodox style , cultivating an image of plodding hard work that tempts one to underestimate him . race deals with checking out major despard , the explorer who 's most clearly his kind of person . mrs. oliver , for her part , works on worming information out of not only anne meredith , but her roommate rhonda ( whose attitude is that anne could 've lived like a duchess for the rest of her life on blackmail if she 'd been paying attention ) . and , of course , there 's poirot . he 's really fascinating to watch in this one as he interacts with each suspect in turn , pursuing two major lines of questioning : ( 1 ) describe how the bridge games played out , and ( 2 ) describe the scene of the murder ( the elaborate collector 's room in shaitana 's house where the bridge games were played ) . see if you can figure out where poirot 's questions lead before he reveals his reasoning to his colleagues , and what he learned from the responses he received 
books pos 171.txt those who condemn this book for not being a long , boring list of name origins and meanings , or for stating that their name has gone out of style for today 's children , are missing the point . " baby names now " is a fun , readable guide to what people are naming their children in the early 2000s , including famous namesakes ( saints , popes , presidents , royalty , music and movie stars ) and what some celebrities have named their children . it 's also fascinating to read how certain names have gone out of style : for example " lisa , " " amy , " " susan " and " dawn " were very popular for babies born in the 60s ( and thus , my classmates ) , but are rarely used today . the book 's major flaw is in not recognizing that parents name their children using the last names of people they admire , not just the first names . at one point , it reads " harrison ford...is almost certainly the reason for the name harrison 's popularity " - excuse me , ever hear of the beatles ? the entries for the name " jordan " do n't mention michael jordan , certainly a major inspiration for that name in this area . the entry for " jackson " does n't mention michael , janet , or samuel l . the entry for " landon " does n't mention michael . the entries for " cassidy " do n't mention david and shaun , so popular in the 70s when many of today 's moms were growing up . the entry for " lucas " - do i have to say it , fellow star wars kids grown up and naming their children ? and come on , how can you mention the name " wayne " without acknowledging the popularity of john wayne ? still , this is a lot of fun , and i give the authors credit for recognizing that " althea " is from a grateful dead song . i look forward to the next edition 
books pos 895.txt & quot ; the journals of susanna moodie&quot ; poems are interesting and spare in style . i have not gone through the whole collection , but margaret atwood has written a thought-provoking account ( through poems ) of susanna moodie . any serious or avid poem reader should consider this collection of related poems 
books pos 195.txt i purchased the book with the intention of teaching myself all the core material in it . the material offers readers a limited number of examples per chapter per section . while these examples may sometimes make you wish for added detail , ultimately there is enough explanation to pull the reader through . be sure you understand the previous chapter before moving onto the next or you will most likely get lost . in the end i was very satisfied with my order . listen to me...if your at least decent in math you 'll do just fine following this algebra 2 textbook 
books pos 491.txt i 'm a high school freshman studying romeo & juliet and i cannot understand hardly any of it . i found this book at a borders bookstore and i have been reading it and it is extremely helpful . there 's a line-by-line translation that makes a ton more sense . buy this if you 're having trouble with r&j 
books pos 997.txt this book is as much about life as it is about baseball . the positive re-enforcement the book gives about accomplishing almost anything is the true message . whenever you or one of your players is struggling , go back to this book to refresh a slumping attitude 
books pos 561.txt having had the delight of living in st. andrews and traveling over most of scotland playing golf , allan 's book is the best i have seen , by far , for describing the reality of golf , travel , and living in scotland . he sugarcoats nothing , his opinion mirrors mine , and he is interested is ensuring his readers know exactly what to expect and know exactly how to best user their time and travel dollars . even with my scottish experience and contacts , his book is my golf / travel in scotland bible . 
books pos 53.txt i really enjoyed this coloring book- -as in my very early yrs . , i had kaleidoscopes to play with . i was always intriqued with the color spectrum in them.i was hoping to find more on line with the illustrator of this book . sadly disappointed . will keep looking at other book sites . by the way , i am 56 yrs . old- -and i love to color . it 's wonderful therapy for relaxing and bringing back some childhood fun 
books pos 632.txt mere words cannot express how pleased i am with my copy of 501 french verbs . very user friendly . well organized . a gem . i am currently working between learning spanish and french . between the two , i feel that french is the more difficult language . now , how to speak the language . the accent , sentence formation , idioms ? for all the beauty of this reference book , no one comes even close to equaling behind the wheel french for teaching you how to put all these verbs together and actually speak the language like the natives . if you 're just trying to get through a college french course requirement or never plan on really speaking the language , then 501 french verbs is perfectly fine all by its sweet self . however , if you do want to do more than read french literature and plan on hitting the streets in france someday , then by all means , combine this fabulous book with behind the wheel french cds . they also have a revised version for the same price that comes with a terrific book that is very instructional and easy to use . ( same price ) with answers right on the same page , english translations , the whole nine yards . makes it very easy to learn french 
books pos 313.txt the subject provided a good historical perspective on japan 's renaissance period , post civil wars and pre-westernization . in many respects musashi , a ronin represents japan 's search for an identity , a country ruled by military might in the form of the shogun , yet keeping an emperor who they revered as a god , a god without power . this sword saint was a man of great prowess with a sword of wood or of steel ; he was also an artist , a lithographer and an author . yet , he was masterless , masterless in a time when righteous was measured in a retainer 's devotion to his master . he was his own master , in a time when japan had no voice , serving all , without righteous . it would take an other two hundred and fifty years or so and a world war to release the spirit of the samurai , that being honor amongst personal sacrifice a picture painted in the person of miyamoto musashi struggle for perfection and personal mastery of his profession , master of the sword 
books pos 883.txt if you like fantasy and are not acquainted with the works of andre norton , then this is an excellent starting point . believable , heroic characters and a well thought-out & quot ; witch world&quot ; combine to make for an enjoyable read . simon tregarth is transported through a mysterious gate into a world populated by people and other things not people . a struggle goes on between good and evil , and it 's not clear who is winning . ( but , we know who wins in the end - & quot ; good&quot ; , of course . ) the style of writing - more of a story that unfolds as it is read - is one strength that characterizes her writings . that , and the fascinating settings , imaginative perils faced , and strong likable characters make this a & quot ; must read&quot ; . this is a refreshing hard-to-put-down story . it does not suffer from the typical overinflated , overwordy , overcomplicated , and overcharacterized ( and lifeless ) features of the usual fantasy megathon offered today 
books pos 639.txt first , the story takes place in the 1940s ( harold 's brother is mia in wwii , not in vietnam , as the amazon.com review erroneously states ) . second , the writing is superb . mr. lawrence makes you feel emotions without telling you what to feel . his characters are very real . his setting ( a small , struggling circus , traveling the western u.s. ) is historically believable , peopled with ' freaks ' who suffer as sideshows , unable to find any other way to live because of the bodies they were born with , but peopled also with ' normals ' who are either afraid of or cruel to the freaks . harold , the 14-year-old albino central character , tries to straddle both groups of people . he finds his niche in the circus as an elephant trainer . i am admittedly ignorant about such things , but mr. lawrence again makes the storyline with the elephants- -crucial to the plot of the novel- -seem believable . my only complaint about this otherwise very moving book has to do with the writing at a crucial death scene near the end . i do want you to read this book , so i will try not to give anything away here , but the writing at this important point becomes formulaic in the dying character 's last words and even gomer pyle-like ( people actuallly say " gosh ! " ) . this did detract from the impact of the death , unfortunately , but i still very strongly recommend this book . five stars for a book with a major flaw says a lot ! 
books pos 304.txt great speeches by native americans is the model of simplicity . though edited by bob blaisdell , who presumably provides the single-paragraph introductions , the bulk of the book is simply the spoken words of native americans from the time of first contact in north america to the present day . their messages speak for themselves . a number of themes and characteristics run through these selections . one is their brevity . the speakers get to the point and make it clearly . few inclusions run longer than five pages . there is also a level of genuine ( and often sad ) honesty . many selections concern the loss of tribal lands and the american indians ' efforts to hold onto them or gain just compensation , if such a thing was possible at the time . the tone is often one of resignation , but also of appeal to the better nature of their listeners . it is not possible to say if these speeches were carefully selected for this editorial theme or not , but it appears that for several centuries the native peoples viewed , rightly or wrongly , the european and later american entry into the continent as something that words and argument and demonstrated moral behavior could combat . even among the surrender speeches of various tribal chiefs we see the notion that no speaker could really understand what their people could have done differently to avoid such conflicts . the style could almost be considered anti-oratorical , though the simple approach is here elevated to a style of its own . one should probably consider that many of these speeches are translated into english . nonetheless , the organization of thought and prioritization of points shows a group of people , separated by years , language , and geography who retain a clear-headed means of addressing their listeners 
books pos 270.txt are you looking for a way to get your kids into the kitchen , turing out tasty projects ? i know i was- -and i went through about fifteen " kids " cookbooks at the local bookstore before i stumbled on this little gem . it was the only cookbook ( other than the everything kid 's cookbooks ) that would actually get a child into the kitchen . the projects are appealing on all levels- -they are easy to assemble , they are too cute for words , and they have super easy to follow pictoral instructions . it also has a good balance of entrees to deserts , unlike some of the family cookbooks i 've reviewed . and with the desserts- -like cookies- -it takes one basic recipe and shows you about four different ways to use it- -marvelous ! it 's also pantry friendly- -no star fruit or rare ingredients you do n't have laying around . now if you 're looking for a kids cookbook to vary your family 's fare , then keep in mind this is a slender picture-book sized volume- -you wo n't find more than 22 projects in the whole book . for a good standard family cookbook , i recommmend beyond mac ' n ' cheese by mops . but if you are looking to get your kids ( 12 and under ) into the kitchen to spend some time together having fun at the counter , then do n't hesitate to buy this little gem ! it is my number one recommendation for children 's cookbook , project-wise . for the above twelve set , i recommend the everything kid 's cookbook because it is a little more geared towards meals and has crossword puzzles and fun foods that are meant to be played with . if you are looking for a cookbook with tons of recipes that will appeal to your family , be pantry friendly *and* save you money , check out " cheap . fast . good . " 
books pos 378.txt this is a fascinating read and my favorite of all bacon 's writings 
books pos 909.txt let 's learn kanji is systematic , it gives you a wealth of basic kanji knowledge ( including stroke order and radicals ) as well as providing space to practice and regular worksheets / mini tests so you can monitor your progress ! often kanji books offer only examples and written explanations , or focus soley on repeated written practice . the addition of the mini tests for consolidating your learning makes this book a must have . i studied some kanji previously but found my self directed study slow . while i agree with the other reviewer that the pace seem stedious at first , i after a month i can claim some serious progress ! my only concern with this text is that from time to time the mini tests do not have an answer key . all in all an excellent book for self study by motivated beginners 
books pos 719.txt stu 's wit and cleverness shines through on every page , making what could be only drab descriptions into entertainment even for those who know these tricks by heart . if you like this , get a copy of stuart crump 's *it 's yo-yo time ! * which includes not only tricks , but history , articles , and fiction on yo-yos - - all of top quality 
books pos 732.txt this book was an amazing account of the spanish in north america . many of the themes that occur during this time period occur in almost every time period and place . dealing with religious intolerence , slavery , econmoy , unification , and the influence of all people on one another this book captures everything . themes this book expresses about this time period are even more evident in today 's information age as more people from different backgrounds and heritages come together on the internet . this was a good book to read , and made it easy to see the flaws and benefits of the past showing what not to , and what to , repeat 
books pos 947.txt this book is geat for the whole family . the illitrations are fantastic and funny . it 's about pa who moved to california and sends a note to tell his familly to move to california . they take a stage coach from missorii to california and it took 21 days to get there . there are funny people in this book . ma in this book has a secret in the end so read the book to find out . buy this book for the kids and it will make them smile so much that there smile will stay there . so buy this book right now ! ! ! ! 
books pos 744.txt i teach second grade and my class just loved this book . chris van allsburg is one of our favorite authors but this is one of his best ! ! 
books pos 50.txt this book gives the reader a fascinating and personal look inside not just the foster care system , but why they are very much so needed . young dave 's life was very likely saved by being taken from his mother 's home and placed into foster care . but this book makes it clear , that despite this positive change in is life , it certainly did n't mean everything was " happily ever after " . dave then struggled with issues ranging from not knowing some of the mere basics that other twelve years olds know by that age , ranging from as simple as how to take a proper bath to how to behave with proper manners . it also gives you a good look at the struggle these hard working foster homes and parents go through . they deal day in and day out with children coming from troubled homes , and these foster homes are in such high demand that they end up cramped to the brim . i think many of us , myself included , are unaware of just what a struggle it is for both the foster children and the foster parents , as well as how much we need to support these people . they are dedicating themselves to a truly needed and wonderful cause . thanks again dave , for having the courage to share your beautiful story of heartache and triumph with us 
books pos 362.txt i 'm amazed that people did n't like this book more.. . i am also a land arch student who had it as an assigned book that was rarely actually assigned . i was thumbing through it in hopes of generating ideas for another class and was amazed at the amount of usable information it contained . perhaps it is better digested in chunks instead of the whole . i found it great as a reference book 
books pos 306.txt i saw the movie in a theater when it first came out . i was a teenager and , although i believed it to be primarily a girl 's movie , i did enjoy it . i 've seen it several times since then , and it still has not lost its charm . when i finally did read the book , i was disappointed that the movie did n't follow it more closely . to me , these are two different stories . the holly in the movie is likeable ; the novella 's holly is a harpie who cares for no one or nothing else . ( when my wife saw the movie , she remarked that holly was , " an idiot . " ) however , the book 's storyline is more interesting...more haunting , and the book 's ending is more intriguing . the movie ends as a love story . the book is much more . and , oh yes , whatever you may think of capote as an individual , the guy was a damn good writer 
books pos 651.txt though i usually go in for tough police thrillers , i sometimes mix things up by reading a light , funny mystery or - like this book - a quiet , thoughtful mystery set in a small town ( a " cozy " , i believe this type of mystery novel is called ) . " still life " nicely combines the easygoing attributes of a " cozy " mystery - quirky , eccentric characters , a small-town setting , pretty much no violence - with a little modernity , in the form of occasional well-placed profanity ( though not much ) and modern demographics ( a gay couple is included among the main characters ) . the main detective character , intelligent and interesting , owes a little to christie 's hercule poirot , but not everything . the mystery itself is pretty interesting , too , though some aspects of its solution are a little broad and clunky , as are some of the explanations of why ultimately cleared characters were acting suspicious for a time . any shortcomings are quibbles , however , and should n't deter one from trying out this nicely done mystery story set in a quiet little corner of quebec 
books pos 621.txt if your an endurance runner this is a great book for you . it has given me a lot of ideas of different races to run and has been a great motivator for me 
books pos 494.txt i 'm sure most people will come to fitzgerald through her novels , so i have to excuse myself as a first time reader who just happened to pick up these short stories . i still have n't decided if i enjoyed the collection , but they are unique . i thought the first story was by far the best , but after that , the quality varied widely . unlike a classic short story writer ( someone like guy de mauppassant ) , these stories have no resolution for the most part . in fact , they leave you with that feeling of listening to music and waiting to shift back into the major key . discordant is the word i 'm looking for . the settings take the reader all over the globe and across three different centuries . i suspect most would enjoy her novels more ( i am certainly heading in that direction to read them next ) , but i ca n't say since i have n't read them myself . overall , i found this collection a bit unsettling , but still well written . i 'm sure her fans will enjoy them more than i did on this first encounter 
books pos 328.txt you definetly should read this book ! do n't believe what the 1 star writers are saying . they do n't want you to know the truth ! the left claims that bin laden would never side with saddam because of their beliefs , yet the left is adamant that osama bin laden was funded by the united states . go figure ! we all knew there was a connection and stephen hayes demonstrates so with great care ! there is a connection with al qaeda and iraq and the book explains it in detail 
books pos 68.txt i really like this series of books that range from this " storage " one to " bathrooms , " " family houses , " etc.. . but i am giving this book a 4 because it shows alot of houses that seem to be beyond the means of most people that i know around my area . this book also likes to tell you to build storage in every little crack / space that does not currently have something useful going for it . i am giving it 4 stars , because it does inform you of all of the different types of devices that are currently ( as of the book being published ) available to help you make storage possible in nooks and crannies . it also gives you ideas and suggestions about how you can make more use out of the storage that you already have , by redesigning the shelving to make it more attractive also . try not to read it all at once though , because i started to gloss over stuff just to get to the end of the book . take it a step at a time and it will be a great start for you 
books pos 177.txt i 'm gonna quote a paragraph from the book , please note - in no way can this paragraph tell you anything about the book or spoil it for those who havent read it . " a woman left at home would close her eyes and the power of her need would enable her to see her man on his ocean ship battling pirates with pistol , her man in the battle 's fray with his sword and shield , standing victorious among corpses , her man in a desert whose sands were on fire , amid mountain peaks , drinking the driven snow . so long as he lived she would follow his journey , would feel his elation and his grief , and if he died a spear of love would fly back across the world to pierce her waiting omniscient heart . it would be the same for him . in the midst of desert 's fire he would feel her cool hand on his cheek and in the heat of battle she would murmur the words of love into his ear : live , live . that was what the stories said about love . that was what human beings knew love to be . " shalimar the clown was about as good as i thought it would be . it definitely is n't the best book i 've read this year but i must say salman rushdie 's writing style captivates me nonetheless . in between the most relevant paragraphs , he says things that are unique and have a true stronghold on the reader 's mindset . in this book , he mentions a quote , twice , which really caught my eye . " one does n't know the questions of life until one is asked " another thing i noticed about the book is that the central character , shalimar , is seldom mentioned . the book seems to hover around other dozen characters . only in prison and in that one letter sent back to kashmira does shalimar 's true character really come out . the second quarter of the book got immensely boring and i really despise how max 's character was written about . it was annoying , difficult to read , over-detailed and excruciating to read . boonyi was an outstanding character . so was the old witch and boonyi 's father . when colonel tortoise was mentioned in the book , i thought his character would prove of some consequence but nothing about yielded anything . one could n't help but dislike max 's lack of integrity . mythology is rather well written about in this book . every 50 pages , a one page something would be mentioned including just the right amount of detail and words . conclusion - while reading , time and again i would rage on to my friend about how superb the writer 's grasp on the reader is . the writer knows his words , where to use them , he knows that he has a prodigious way of writing and he employed them better than ever . maybe this book disappointed his core fans . maybe it lacked a spark enough to obilerate doubt . all in all , i can say that salman rushdie has a wierd way of his own . his vocabulary is truly astounding . maybe he is the most " learned " writer i 've ever read , if not the best . respect . h.s anand -17th october'06 12.13p 
books pos 158.txt this book is hot ! ! . i anxiously awaited the next " grayson " novel , after reading of course , all , the " falcon " and " grayson " families ' stories . i honestly thought nothing could top luke grayson 's romance with catherine . however , ms. ray 's story about brandon and faith was just that ! ! i hope the next book in the grayson saga is out very soon , because again , i can hardly wait ! ! and if you have not read all of francis ray 's novels ( not just her stories about the graysons and falcons ) , get to reading.. . you will not be disappointed . 
books pos 418.txt companies that embrace work teams quickly discover a basic truth : more teams mean more meetings . management experts laud the benefits of enlightened teamwork , but they spend much less time dwelling on the often long , sometimes pointless and nearly always inefficient meetings that teams breed . with teams fast becoming a fixture in the corporate world , meeting management , or facilitation , is becoming a critical skill for anyone with executive ambitions . author ingrid bens ' definition of a facilitator is quite specific - someone who guides a meeting without actually participating in discussion or decision making - but her book is filled with practical advice that any professional can apply when running a meeting . a host of charts , examples and worksheets ( not to mention the accompanying cd ) help illustrate her process for steering meetings without controlling or directing the outcome . we [...] recommend this hands-on how-to guide to anyone motivated to minimize the waste of meeting-creep 
books pos 985.txt ms. phillips certainly knows how to tug at those heart strings ! i felt as though i were right there with mac and sammy jo , feeling the emotions they felt . this is a great story that proves that true love can happen when it 's least expected and that true love always prevails . i recommend this book to any romance lover 
books pos 758.txt the hebrew , aramaic , and greek dictionaries are done very well , compared to the old strong 's concordance i have 
books pos 691.txt i have many robot books and this is the best and most informative book of all . it is easy to understand and read ; i personally could n't put it down . i wish it was twice as long while still marinating the high info density.. . most authors just babble and every few pages actually tell you something ; this is not the case with this book ! the programming of a robot is everything.. . and behavior based programming is the only way to go . this book provides a very good intro into that very subject . the only complaint i have is not about the book but his robot simulation program on is website which is referred to in the text . it seems to be rather slow and over taxing for the pc , but being a java app it 's not that surprising . highly recommended to anyone building robots 
books pos 438.txt i read this book 2 years ago , and still consider it one of the most compelling and important books i have ever read . besides being completely absorbed by this man 's life and experiences , i learned so much valuable information about cambodia from it that i wish it was required reading for anyone traveling there . blended seamlessly with the narrative you will learn of the history and culture of the cambodians , the groundwork for the rise of the khmer rouge , the horrors and fallacies of life under a communist regime , and the story of pol pot . i also gained an insight into buddhist thought and daily life in cambodia , all of which prepared me well for my trip there . haing ngor 's life story also helped me understand the damaging psychological consequences endured by the victims of this holocaust , and of the difficulties cambodians have had in trying to adjust to life in america . there are a lot of lessons to be learned from this book , and many which can give us a better ability to analyze current international events . if you read no other book about cambodia , read this one 
books pos 309.txt very informative but not overwhelming . easy to read - follow and understand - color photos and solid build . 
books pos 292.txt after purchasing many dog training manuals and finding them not quite up to snuff , i was very pleased to finally find a book which was comprehensive and authoritative . it breaks each area of the sport down and is easy to follow . the book is intelligently written 
books pos 344.txt when i was a senior in high school i decided to take correspondence courses instead of attending a regular school . this was the text used for my creative writing class . i absolutely loved it and have been trying to snag a copy of it ever since . this book is great at giving you ideas for how to make up your own work of fiction even if you never tried before . i would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in seeing where their imagination can take them 
books pos 108.txt drenched with light and clarity , this book is an empowering and practical guide to accessing one 's inner wisdom . reading marcia emery 's book inspires joy , and the freedom of true knowledge and acceptance of oneself . marcia emery 's various exercises for communicating with your inner wisdom are not only effective , but will put you in touch with an infinite source of love and joy . awaken your intuition - and more energy than you 've ever known 
books pos 347.txt the purpose of nessus is to provide an open source solution for network auditing on all unix like systems . this book not only details using nessus but also comes with a cd containing the program , as well as ethereal , snort , and newt ( a port of the program to the windows environment ) . what is a network assessment ? at its basic level it is an attempt to detect a live system and then identify the computing environment , services , applications , and vulnerabilities on that system . basically there are two types of assessment - internal and external . an internal assessment is done over the local network and external is done from outside the lan . nessus will do both types and the book details how to do either , or both of them . the authors do an excellent job of detailing installation , setup , and how to interpret the results of a scan as well as various factors that can affect the report . one of the parts not to be missed is the discussion of not only the benefits but also the potential problems of scanning your system . some of the vulnerability types scanned for include buffer overflows , default passwords , backdoors , information leaks , and denial of service . the nessus scripting language is covered in detail in appendix a instead of the main portion of the book ; a choice i appreciated very much as it allowed the flow of the book to not be interrupted by such a highly technical section . with open source products there generally is no organized technical support phone number you can call of help . so , the authors include information on how to get help via the nessus user community , mailing lists , and archives . nessus network auditing is a highly recommended book for anyone interested in auditing their network to find potential problems before they become reality 
books pos 109.txt it took cancer to wake me up . i now do everything i can to inform my family and friends of the of the importance of a health lifestyle and eating habits . this author also wrote " what you do n't know may be killing you " these two books are great to accidently leave at a loved ones home . they are filled with tons of improtant messages and very easy to relate to examples are given that help you understand what actually is happening to your body . my dad has gone from drinking no water to probably half of what he needs but this is a start , he will read more the next time i leave another book by accident.. . this author is great ! 
books pos 186.txt dragons are certainly among the most quintessential elements of the fantasy genre and their likenesses comprise one of the cornerstones of the art associated with it . dragonart : how to draw fantastic dragons and fantasy creatures is both an enjoyable browse and a useful guide for anyone interested in creating their own dragons or other fantastic creatures with pencil and paper . dragonart is divided into three major parts , fantastic dragons , unique details , and other fantasy creatures , along with an introduction , a section on how to use the book , and a brief guide to fantastic creatures . lessons in this book are progressive in nature , beginning with fundamentals and moving into increasingly advanced aspects of dragon design , all illustrated with step-by-step illustrations that are punctuated by helpful tips and tricks throughout . and author / artist jessica " neondragon " peffer has a clear , easy writing style that can be easily comprehended , absorbed , and acted upon , an example of which follows below . " okay , so we 're going to discuss the anatomy of a creature that exists nowhere but in our minds . sounds kind of silly to say that something made from pure imagination does not look correct , but that will happen if your creature does n't look believable . to help make your dragon as real as possible , base its structure on real creatures , " she writes at one point ( page 44 ) . " the ideal dragon is likely a mix of cat , bird , and reptile body types . the trick is choosing which parts to keep and which ones to throw out . you want it to feel like a single creature . " this advice , incidentally , is very reminiscent of that given by leonardo da vinci in his notebooks for drawing creatures of this ilk , making peffer well read or naturally very insightful , either of which speaks well for her . under " how you should make an imaginary animal look natural , " the increasingly famous renaissance man writes , " you know that you cannot invent animals without limbs , each of which , in itself , must resemble those of some other animal . hence if you wish to make an animal , imagined by you , appear natural - - let us say a dragon , take for its head that of a mastiff or hound , with the eyes of a cat , the ears of a porcupine , the nose of a greyhound , the brow of a lion , the temples of an old cock , the neck of a water tortoise . " dragonart also includes guidelines on drawing a number of other sorts of fantastic creatures , including basilisks , chimeras , gargoyles , and griffins . for those interested in applying the guidelines presented in this book , a companion dragonart kit : how to draw & paint fantastic creatures that includes a compressed version of the book and some art supplies will also be available soon . author peffer is also the creator of the popular fantasy art website neondragonart.com , which can give anyone potentially interested in this book the opportunity to get a sense of the kinds of creatures they can learn to create themselves . 
books pos 872.txt my boy ejd is back , and so am i ! keeping it real , i took an eric jerome dickey hiatus . for years he held a special spot on my shelf as my favorite author , hands down . then it happened...his books just were n't doing it for me anymore . call in change , call it growth , falling off , call it whatever , but i was n't feeling it . drive me crazy drove me crazy and i could n't finish it . unheard of for me . chasing destiny came , but i let her run right past me . however , the title of his new release piqued my interest , so i decided to give it a shot and i am glad i did . death is life . gideon is a freelance hit man . in the seedy underbelly of death for hire , gideon is know as a man of talent and business ; a profitable business . he has a goal that he is trying to reach and with this acceptance of his most recent job , he just may obtain it . this job could put him over the edge financially and literally . has the hunter become the hunted ? sleeping with strangers is a smartly written , great reading drama / thriller that showcases dickey 's talent . he blended success , style and heartlessness . then he added some ruthlessness , deceit and trickery . let 's not forget murder , mayhem and steamy sex scenes . my hiatus is officially over . i enjoyed sws . now i ` m at the door , looking out the peephole waiting on the sequel to arrive 
books pos 19.txt i must say my first reaction was to be surprised at how much better hawking is at explaining modern physics than my college instructors were . heisenberg 's uncertainty principle was just an equation i learned . hawking made it seem like common sense . hawking tries a little too hard to be witty at times ( and punctuates all of his jokes with exclamation points ! just in case you missed them ! ) , but all-in-all , this was a quite readable account of what 's presently known about cosmology . i use the term " presently " guardedly , as just recently there was some big finding about dark matter ( it exists ! ) , but from now on , when there are new findings in physics , i want hawking to explain them to me , because i feel like then i might understand them . that 's why you should read this book . the reason you should not read this book is because you have no interest in wrestling with abstractions with which you will never interact in daily life , and would rather read about global warming or darfur or something a bit more topical and practical . this was still a hard read , and i feel like i grasped maybe 80% of it . for you to decide , but for a former engineering student , this was something i wish i had read when i was taking physics 
books pos 449.txt originally published in the early 1900 's , this book is an excellent resource for teaching young men about being their own self in a society that is trying to mold them into another copy . high adventure on the high seas . this book is impossible to put down . 75 years ago this was my grandmother 's favorite book . now it is mine 
books pos 493.txt this book is without a doubt one of the best in the series of chicken soups . i have purchased several of them and give them out for gifts in the hospital , get well , birthdays and etc. there is something for everyone in this book . what a great little gift 
books pos 890.txt in 1995 the poverty level for a family of four in the united states was $19 , 806. 37 million people in the us live at or below this level . ron sider correctly asserts that it is morally unacceptable for 37 million people to live in poverty in this country while the wealthiest people are gaining a larger percentage of all wealth . in just generosity , sider presents his vision for overcoming poverty in america . and it is a compelling vision . sider 's vision is distinctive because he acknowledges that poverty is caused by both systemic injustice in society 's structures and by poor moral decisions by impoverished individuals . both must be addressed in order to stop cycles of poverty . drawing upon biblical study , sider presents the goal of an economy of justice : " every person or family has access to productive resources ( land , money , knowledge ) so they have the opportunity to earn a generous sufficiency of material necessities and be dignified participating members of their community " ( 81 ) . sider deals with a vast array of programs and issues like welfare , minimum wage , tax credits , health care , and education reform , showing how each could be employed in ways that encourage work , empower the poor , and strengthen families . sider ends with this troubling question : do enough christians really care ? this book should be required reading for any that do . 
books pos 536.txt in this book you get 35 projects / designs marked with skill levels needed for each project . the projects are mostly made with wire , but pearls are also used , in most of the projects . i would say that this is a book for you who has made jewelry before and are familiar to wirework . if so it is a wonderful book ! this book offer lots and lots of inspirasjon and expertise 
books pos 766.txt lately there has been a lot of talk about how great ronald reagan was as a president . this book shows that this is not even close to being true . under his presidency we went from the number one loaner to the number one debtor in the world . him and his administration sold missles to iran inexchange for hostages and then illegally took that money to support contras in latin america . under his administrations hands off approach wall street ran wild with illegal and immoral practices . all this happened while his administration held down the poor and middle-class while giving the rich more money . it is debated whether reagan knew some of these things were happening hence the title of the book . it is a very good read and easy to fly through the whole book . the only complaint about it is the lack of an indept description of the savings and loan scandle and the dredded star wars program . recommended for anyone intrested in learning what happened behind the scenes of this presidency 
books pos 862.txt more than anything else alan furst recreates the atmosphere of the early days of world war ii espionage . i.a. serebin inhabits the urbane world of russian emigres in the europe of 1940-1941 , mainly in paris , but also in roumania . serebin is recruited into what seems to be the british secret service and seeks to interrupt the flow of roumanian oil to the nazi war machine . the whole operation reeks of amateurism - appropriate enough at that stage of the war - brainy , careful , daring , but amateur . with one exception , none of the players know completely what they are part of - which also leaves the reader at times groping for the story line . still furst 's prose forms the characters into full-dimensional beings from bogart 's casablanca or graham greene 's human factor . highly recommended for readers with an interest in espionage or ww ii 
books pos 949.txt a wonderful book providing a myriad of ideas for those of us who need not only a basic review of knitting but an introduction to a new world of knitting . thank you chapman tracy for such beautiful photos , tips , etc. i 've already given this book as a gift and will continue to highly recommend it 
books pos 654.txt generally , my eyes glaze over as i reach chapter 3 of most business books as they provide the mastery of the intuitively obvious . make your own luck by shapiro and stevenson has broken the pattern . written in punchy conversational style , the book is a delightful combination of anecdotes and useful tools geared to help the reader up the odds in personal and business decision-making . the process of setting goals and assessing risk is broken down into discrete aspects , allowing the reader to assess his own patterns of success and failure . this sounds as if it could be tedious , but it 's not . the authors know you are not sitting in a policy course . they know that you make numerous bets in any given day and do it most of the time without focusing on the decision as a bet . the book makes you conscious of those bets and gives you the groundwork to move through those bets with speed and focus . in managing investments , i 'm betting on a gestalt of macro economic factors and company specific performance as well as betting on the actions of other investors . the tools in make your own luck , such as the prediction map , are completely applicable to the inferential analysis i use in managing investments as well as life 's major problems , such as how to seat guests at the next dinner party . this book is a good read . shapiro and stevenson incorporate topics from baseball to the metropolitan museum of art. make your own luck makes you laugh , makes your think and gives you tools to improve your own lot . 
books pos 245.txt it 's easy to realize once again what makes garth ennis one of the best writers in the field when reading this one . throughout the story i was unable to predict what was going to happen on the next page . and despite ennis making this into a rollercoaster ride he still keeps it all believable . mind you , this story is not on par with the preacher series , not much is , but it still is a story that rises far above the average comic book story . the characters are all interesting , often funny , and they 'll hold your attention with ease . not once was the story faltering . and in the case of you being a smoker-maybe at the end you 'll be cured of that habit . as another reviewer pointed out this is one hell of an anti-smokers ` add' . so , if you feel like picking up a well told story with constantine in the lead , you 'll do best to pick up this one . if however , you are not yet acquainted with ennis 's preacher than you better turn to that one . 
books pos 497.txt this is an excellent status report on the current state of the art on evolution . some essays speak specifically about intelligent design and some digress into behavior and social systems . this book will really get you up to date from only leading scientists 
books pos 776.txt i 've read many books on meditation and while each of them answers some of my questions , jack kornfield 's book , a path with heart , answers every one save those that must be experienced first-hand in one 's own time . his voice and advice is articulate , intelligent , humorous , open , patient and wise . he starts out by telling you a little about his own experience , goes on to cover the basics of vipassana meditation and then leads you bit by bit deep into the issues every meditator and spiritual seeker must face . what i love most about his teaching style is that he gives gentle , practical advice on the day-to-day , minute by minute stuff to do to explore , commit to , love being on the path . if my house were on fire and i had to grab only one book on my way out the door , it would be a path with heart 
books pos 552.txt i guess in this book you can see both the good qualities of ayn rand as well as some of her non-desirable traits . good gateway book before tackling on the big and long atlas shrugged 
books pos 256.txt the boston based author , dennis lehane , wrote a great detective story with a social background so great , it is almost more important than the plot . " mystic river " differs from lehane 's other books and indeed raises him to the next level as a writer . " mystic river " is set in the fictional boston suburb , called east buckingham ( the author explains it as an amalgamate of dorchester , charlestown and south boston and it really feels like dorchester ) , home mostly to white working class , with plenty of crime . i liked the background info especially since i could relate to it , knowing the area.. . the first part , which is the base and explanation for later events , takes place in 1975 , when one of the three eleven-year old neighborhood boys playing in the street is abducted by two men in an apple-smelling car , and although he comes back after four days , his life as well as his friends ' is changed forever . the ways of the boys soon part , dave ( the boy taken by the men ) lives a quiet life , has a wife and a son , and likes his memories of being a football player in high school . jimmy , the " bad boy " , after doing some time in prison settles down as a storeowner with a nineteen-year old daughter from his first marriage , second wife and their two daughters . the third boy , college-educated sean , becomes a policeman . when jimmy 's beautiful daughter , katie , is found murdered in the park after a night out dave comes home covered in blood , sean gets assigned to the case . there are many leads to different people.. . but the case is difficult . meanwhile , jimmy and his family embark on the search of their own . the plot is very good until the end , and psychological details as well as the insights into the society are extremely accurate . the characters are very real , especially jimmy and sean , who are central to the plot . their trauma after dave 's abduction made a lasting effect on their lives - in very different ways . they are complicated , multifaceted people , very well developed as literary characters . some side protagonists , depicting perhaps types rather than individuals ( bobby , roman , the savage brothers , sergeant whitey ) , are very good . i was in the grasp of this book until the end - it is not only great entertainment , but also food for thought . the movie based on " mystic river " with sean penn is equally moving - recommended for those with little time.. . 
books pos 61.txt this was my very first book for nora roberts , and so far it 's the best book ever . it is the perfect book . brianna is a wonderful , smart inn keeper with many talents and a rare kind of maturity . i would love to be like her ! and gray is a successful , sweet , caring , witty author that comes to her inn in ireland to relax and start a new book . this is no ordinary romance . i love that it goes deep , not only into the main characters ' personalities , but there is also brianna 's sister and brother-in-law , her mother , her friend , and gray 's agent . not to mention the wonderful scenary of ireland described throughout the book . the conlcusion of the book is wonderful and utterly satisfying , leaving you with a happy glow that lasts a long time ! other books by nora roberts are good , but this one takes the prize . of the born trilogy this one is the best and it should not be missed 
books pos 181.txt i was impressed by the value and quality of this book... . outstanding ! ! ! ! it is all his plays and poems in one place with a nice look and feel to the book ( for the price ) you ca n't beat it . 
books pos 823.txt drummer hoff is an unusual story that uses repetitive phrases and rhyming to tell the story of drummer hoff , the man who " fired it off . " in this story , a group of men are preparing to fire a cannon . each man brings something different . one man brings the barrel , one man brings the carriage , and at the every end of each stanza it says " but drummer hoff fired it off . " this story uses childlike drawings to demonstrate the pattern of rhythm in the story . the colors are fairly bright which in turn give the story a comical appeal . the story itself does n't have any significant moral element to it...it is just a fun book . the rhyming in this story is very catching and the pictures really make the story very humorous . by the end of the story the reader can see that the big explosion has just caused a big mess . children will like the flow the story and parents will enjoy reading it aloud . a good holiday gift . 
books pos 1.txt bridget jones , modern day woman , brillant and does n't know it , prone to accidents and mess ups but manages to come out of them . this is the book that started it all with the chick lit fever . bridget jones is my hero ! 
books pos 369.txt truly the author 's pen is mightier than the sword as he takes on christmas , parents , children , evangelical christians from kentucky , television , macy 's , the result of a dalliance during the viet nam war , and " keeping up with the joneses " . this short book is much funnier than his best-selling " me talk pretty some day " as the author 's humorous cynicism is at its best . one ca n't put it down for fear of missing some insight into the american psyche . three of the stories appear to be autobiographical ( with obvious changes made to " protect the innocent " ) wherein the author " tells " the others in the guise of another . regardless , sedaris pulls no punches and will have the reader in stitches , even if there 's a little guilt attached to that feeling . 
books pos 765.txt this book is a really excellent source for anyone wanting to understand the reasons that saudi arabia is the way it is today . i was lucky to find my copy in a used bookstore . it does get a little tedious when discussing the business / oil aspects of the 1960 's and 70 's , but it 's well worth it . it 's a detailed history from start until publishing and that is definitely a relevant time . 
books pos 324.txt a well-researched look at aviation that reminded me of the novels of nevil shute . my favorite chapter was friday norton qa 11:50am . a perfect description of the working methods of a certain veteran tv newsman who just retired at age 88. of course there are plot holes . the heroine a single mom researching the cause of an air incident is in jeopardy from union thugs and has initially has guards . but as the jeopardy increases , the guards are n't there . no followup mention . what happened to them ? some vulgarity in language . but all in all , a great fun read . 
books pos 410.txt great recipes that truly are quick and easy . low to no-fat with healthful ingredients . i will be using this cookbook a lot 
books pos 196.txt first book i 've read from sandra brown and it was really great . it was a page turner from beginning to end . i found the book interesting and easy reading . a well written mystery suspense that keeps you guessing until the very end . will not be the last sandra brown novel for me 
books pos 807.txt this story is true to life living in south west and west phila . it brought back many memories and changing the names did not bother me . i really enjoyed reading about life the way it was back in the 55 to 70 era . yes this was life in phila row home . 
books pos 468.txt i wrote this review because i felt that none of the reviews so far really got the main cause of this book . this is not a book about cosmology ( as people would expect from roger penrose ) . in this tiny book , penrose summarizes his idea that the mind cannot be understood by mathematical processes ( something much different from the opinion of 99 , 99% of neurobiologists , such as steven pinker ) . this view is near to the nobel laureate murray gell-mann . the book is easy to understand and the ideas are very concise and its recommended for the ones that are interested in intelligence theories ( thus , the author assumes that the reader know what a neuron is and how it works ! ) . some may think this is a difficult to understand book because they did n't had in mind that this book is about penrose 's point of view on intelligence . in fact , i 'm not a physicist , nor a biologist , simply a high school student and i found the book very easy to understand , although i do not agree with penrose 's point of view . i think he forgot something very important . read it and read the other point of view and you 'll find what it is ! : 
books pos 735.txt although this book is only 20 pages long , it contains helpful information about the concept of fair trade . americans have so much , and it is hard for us to imagine the degree of poverty in other third-world countries . rose ericson begins to introduce the subject of what fair trade means to these nations . to us it is only a $1 sometimes , but that $1 in a poor nation can supply food for a day to an entire family . in our hurry to accumulate material goods , we must be careful to not take advantage of the artisans and producers of these third-world nations . fair trade is a concept whose time has come 
books pos 746.txt multiple reviewers of other washington biographies recommended this abridgement over the book they were reviewing . i am a reader , as claimed above , but i have not read any washington biography . i still thought the above information might be helpful to other seekers 
books pos 72.txt beginning with the introduction , i was taken on a fabulous journey . these gifted authors write a wonderful narrative . lande 's snapshots add a lot to this impressive and comprehensive companion . they are as engaging as any short story in the new yorker ! i found the collection of old posters designer appealing integrated with beautiful photography , as one would expect from national geographic . the guide is uniquely for both armchair and active travelers and two books in one . the first carefully expertly evaluates top ten lists on everything travel related , from hotels to hideaways , national parks to international markets . subjective of course . we all have our favorites . i particularly liked a chapter called " ten best things to do on sunday afternoons in ten cities " . part two includes literary and historical journeys , elevating this travel guide above all others . ready made and travel ready . i 'm on my way on the road to mandalay ! the book ends at lands end , with a country-by-country supplement to best destinations . what a travel kit ! national geographic 's ten best of everything is passport perfect in every way . you 'll love every moment . 
books pos 229.txt stephen hawking has crafted a masterpiece that requires only two qualities of the reader : patience and an open mind . for those willing to take the ( often substantial ) time required to digest the material and accept ( or even challenge ) it , a awe inspiring world awaits . this book is rightfully one of the best selling books of all time , and a must read for anyone who has any interest in the world around them 
books pos 38.txt i read these books just for fun thinking i would finish in a few days and not think about it past that . well i had another thing coming . i could n't put the book down once i had started . i missed hours of sleep because of these books . if you want a book that can keep you enraptured for hours read the artemis fowl books you wo n't regret i 
books pos 752.txt i have read this book daily for almost 20 years . the original book , given to me in 1979 is somewhat worn and now i require a replacement . it has been and will remain my first reading each day 
books pos 800.txt i really did enjoy reading this book , cover-to-cover . it 's very touching and very informative . it will change your ideas about a lot of things . the writer along with other expert contributors have done a great job bringing out all of these real moving stories . i would recommend this book for every human being who cares about other fellow human beings 
books pos 593.txt i 've had this book since 1997 and i still refer to it for ideas . it has such a unique and diverse pictorial on each page by ' grand ' and ' credible ' photographers . for anyone who takes pictures...likes pictures...this book is a must get for you . i have it on my coffee table and i get rave comments on it all of the time about what a great book it is 
books pos 983.txt i have been procrastinating in upgrading our website so i figured i 'd read a few books.. . a great way to procrastinate some more . well marcia writes in a step by step practical way , creating a marketing foundation first then getting to the beef . i 'm now educated and inspired , have a notebook full of notes and ideas that i 'm actually implementing . it 's getting done . i 'm actually recommending this book to friends who are redoing their marketing message since the first two chapters do that so well.. . great book , not heavy , beefy info 
books pos 850.txt goes over the problem in detail , but without excessive hand-wringing . a diversity of well selected examples , with helpful discussions and observations . if codependence and " rescuing " people are issues you struggle with , definitely get this book 
books pos 665.txt following up on the success of the chocolate chip cookie murder , this is the second volume in the hannah swenson murder mysteries . here again , we find hannah coping with the brutal minnesota winter when the unthinkable happens . hannah finds a body ! the local high school coach and secret wife beater is found dead face down in hannah 's strawberry shortcake . his wife certainly has a motive , but is she the real killer ? the police are inclined to think so , but hannah certainly does not . with the aide of her sister , andrea , she sets out to find the real killer . many suspenseful twists and turns follow as hannah and andrea proceed on their relentless mission to free an innocent woman . will they succeed and find the real killer ? only in the last few chapters will you find out the answer to this riddle . once again , author joanne fluke has surpassed herself with another excellent novel . the cozy and inviting atmosphere found in the first novel continues here against the backdrop of the cruel minnesota cold . many delicious recipes are included so you can share the experience right along with hannah and her friends . her strained relationship with her mother continues as her friendship with norman grows and her closeness to her sister andrea deepens . the novel keeps you in suspense right up until the very end providing an exhilarating mystery ride . this is a novel not to be missed . very highly recommended . smash 
books pos 280.txt carl hiaasen spins a tale of adventure and humor that should motivate young readers to protect wildlife and natural resources . hoot is set in the seaside town of coconut cove . the plot revolves around mother paula 's pancake house , a fictitious restaurant chain in florida about to build its 100th store on a parcel of land inhabited by families of burrowing owls . the developers know about the endangered owls and removed legal evidence of the owls from public records . unwary citizens applaud mother paula 's in coconut cove . the lone crusader for the owls is a boy nicknamed mullet fingers who lives in the backwoods dodging truant officers . he pulls up construction stakes and invents other nocturnal forays to stop development . mullet fingers enlists the help of his step sister , beatrice and new kid , roy . beatrice is a middle-school soccer queen who holds her own with the boys . roy is a level-headed kid who moves to coconut cove from montana , earning the dubious title of cowgirl . when you throw in a zany cop , a redneck construction boss , a sly businessman , a high school teacher willing to support kids acting for righteous causes and a bully whose attempts to squash roy you 've got a pretty good read ! 
books pos 32.txt this book gives a thorough analysis on how public policies were the catalysts for the socioeconomic destruction of low-income communities of color in new york city . necessary reading for those who still do not realize that activism and organizing are important vehicles through which marginalized communities keep in check the forces that seek to further fragment and disenfranchise them 
books pos 74.txt this is such a great book i have boughten copeys for all my childern 
books pos 261.txt perhaps the long shadow of francis parkman has discouraged historians from writing about the french and indian war ( seven year 's war ) . whatever the reason it 's good to see from the publication of several books that americans are taking a renewed interest in the pre-revolutionary period when the british were triumphant and the indians still counted as a political force . it 's past time for a thorough revision of parkman - - who was ungenerous with the indians although i thrilled as a young reader to his descriptions of their ferocity - - for example , the " insensate fury " of the iroquois . actually , the iroquois were less insensate than they were astute . calloway omits the bloody details and vivid writing of parkman but he gives us a thorough picture of what happened in the wake of the english victory over the french in north america . in particular he focuses on the frontier and the built-in conflict of american settlers , british policy , and the indian tribes who either went down to defeat with the french or were betrayed by perfidious albion . they made their point , however , in pontiac 's war and by clearing white settlers from the frontier . but their numbers were declining and they would soon be overwhelmed . this is a good book about the issues of the frontier between whites and indians . in addition , there 's a good account of the french movement from canada to louisiana and the spanish rule in florida and the trans-mississippi . smallchief 
books pos 116.txt definitely a wonderful book . for those following the teachings of the other books , this book provides more useful information . the path that castaneda elucidated is fraught with controvery and extreme views ( read the other reviews ) . i found it useful to read and judge for myself . what castaneda wrote about is not fiction however it is a difficult path that very few ever advance upon , thus the angry reviews of those calling castaneda a fraud due to their own failure . its also a path that those given to fantasy and believing in their own ' specialness ' jump on and thus follow blindly with no lasting gains , making up their experience as they go and making sure others hear about it . definitely not a path for everyone but certainly open to sober verification . also a great book for those looking for a well written and gripping book . i believe castaneda 's genius as well as his contribution to mankind is yet to be fully appreciated . i am grateful for the gift of his writings and wisdom 
books pos 569.txt this fantastic re-imagining of the avengers is best consumed in this form . yes there are too many pop culture references , yes the hulk is a little goofy and the ultimate nick fury has virtually nothing in common with his regular universe counterpart but i think once your done with this gigantic , thirteen issue epic powerhouse you wont have much left to complain about . this story arc takes the alternate universe avengers from their creation to their first major victory , ill let someone else spoil it for you but its good . the second volume is juuuust about complete as of november 2006 and is pretty amazing as well . this is the best that the ultimate universe has to offer , is one of the few titles exploring fairly original ideas and has not been reworked specifically to appeal to teenagers , no inline skates , teen angst , or first love in this one . millar and hitch are a great creative team but their ability to make deadlines is positively absurd . these thirteen issues took the better part of three years to be released and i read every one of those issues as it was released on the news stand . my wife got her msw in the time it took the skrull war to unfold , it sucked and the new series isnt much better . thankfully it has only one issue to go , hopefully well get it before theres a new president in the whitehouse . removed from the delays the series is a pretty impressive achievement , the art is top notch and the story is positively crackin ! yes it 's " just " a super hero comic but its one of the best , so if you like the medium and are lucky enough not to have read it yet do yourself a favor and check it out , and keep an eye out for the second series hardcover 
books pos 650.txt house poor identifies the key issues consumers need to know to survive the current volatile housing market . the style is brisk and understandable , and the information is focused and useful . unlike books that try to entice readers with promises of getting rich quick by investing in real estate , house poor gives suggestions about how to invest prudently and warns readers about the dangers of becoming overextended . when activity in many housing markets begins to decline from its current unsustainable level , many people will wish they had read the advice in fletcher 's book . 
books pos 127.txt the book and accompanying dvd are being used in a class i am taking on photoshop elements 4. both of them make it much easier to understand what 4 is capable of and how to use the program , especially the tools . without instruction , complimented by 1 on 1 , i would not be able to use even a small percentage of the power of 4. 1 on 1 goes step by step in 12 chapters of " how to " fix , enhance , organize , and share photos 
books pos 431.txt as a librarian and a lover of all things relating to arts & crafts style , i recommend this book to anyone desiring a greater knowledge of this furniture 's history and design evolution . with clear color photographs and just the right amount of text , this book illustrates the origins of arts & crafts furniture in england and its progression , first to our east coast , and eventually westward across america . in fact , my only ' complaint ' about this book is that the photographs are good enough that they leave you wanting for more . because of the depth of information presented here , i would not say that this is a general interest read - rather this book is geared toward those seriously interested in the history of the arts & crafts movement and its recent revival . 
books pos 809.txt i 'm in love with the impressionists in general and with auguste renoir in particular . his palette is full of light ; soft pink , greens and blues are a joy to watch time and again . as most impressionists renoir paint wonderful every day scenes , mainly outside as his magnificent : " the luncheon of the boating party " ( 1881 ) , " the swing " ( 1876 ) and " le moulin de la galette " ( 1876 ) , whose careful reproductions are shown here . he was an artist that loved life and wanted to reflect it as he perceived : full of little moments of simple joy and relax . he was also a masterful portrayer as you may see from his " on the terrace " ( 1881 ) in the cover of this book or " two girls in black " ( 1881 ) . another subject that attracted his fancy was the dancing couple , which he depicts with tenderness and accuracy . it does n't matter if the dancers are from the high class as in " city dance " or commoners as in " dance at bougival " both from 1883. at the end of his life his paintings evolve and produce for our delight : " seated bather " ( 1914 ) and " the nymphs " ( 1918 ) . his life and works are described and commented by the author with keen penetration and endearment . reproductions are awesome and do justice to the artist . do not miss this book ! reviewed by max yofre . 
books pos 950.txt the trilogy just stunned me and i worked at trying to understand its complexities . then i read this book , and everything made sense . at first i declared that the trilogy was better than ' the lord of the rings ' but could not explain why . this book nails it . it will be wonderful if you read the trilogy , read this book , and share everything with your children . remember when ' expanding your consciousness ' was all the rage ? no ? that 's ok . all these books do it with a basis in science . buy the darn books . buy them for your friends 
books pos 207.txt this book was recommended to me by several people as i interviewed hiring managers , hr personnel , senior-level employees , and others for my own book on the job market . by all accounts , my own included , 201 best questions is comprehensive , helpful , and tactical , an important read when one is preparing for an interview . it is not an all-inclusive resource , only interview-targeted , but for what it is , the book is top-notch 
books pos 848.txt for a recently college graduate and moderate sports world observer with little experience negotiating in a business environment , this book was a pleasure to read . the concepts in this book are on or above par with my textbook on negotiation . however , i specifically enjoyed how steinberg illustrates important concepts with stories involving the ever interesting personalities of professional sports . from establishing values to finalizing the contract , this book is efficiently organized to lead through the negotiation process . also , at the end of each sub-chapter is a summary of the key points of the reading . winning with integrity is n't easy in general , let alone in the ruthless world of sports agents . leigh shares his experiences that have lead to his success in this fun and insightful book 
books pos 381.txt here 's a good litmus test to show how good a book like " breathing lessons " is- -nothing extraordinary happens and yet i did not want to put the book down . there are no conspiracies to rule the world or cover up some dark secret . there are no car chases , explosions , sex scenes ( barely even any kissing ) , or exotic locations . no one changes or has an epiphany . almost nothing happens- -maggie and ira go to a funeral and when they come back they try to reunite their son and former daughter-in-law but nothing changes at all . to the average reader this book probably would seem really dull . heck , if someone told me the plot of this book i 'd think it was really dull too , but i did n't want to put it down . the reason is that maggie and ira are so well-drawn and so familiar to me that they seem like people i know or could know . i think i could go to the supermarket and run into maggie and ira , that 's how real they seemed to me . i suppose ther reason is that tyler allows me as the reader to know just about everything regarding these two characters and their two personalities just come through so transparently in the story that they do n't seem like characters acting their parts ; they seem like real people . because of this , even though very little happens to maggie or ira and even though neither of them changes by the end of the book , i cared so much about them that i wanted to keep reading right through the end so i breezed through the novel in a few days . in all honesty , what i really appreciate about this book is that it seemingly disproves almost everything i 've ever read about how to write a book . this is purely a character-driven novel with very little " plot " except for the death of maggie 's friend 's husband that gets the ball rolling . everything else seems to happen so naturally as an extension of maggie 's personality more than any artificially-generated plot twists . it 's hard for me to find any real faults with this book , except for the lengthy flashback near the end that perhaps goes on too long . some people may call this boring or dull , but i would call it purely exceptional . i loved this book and highly recommend it 
books pos 566.txt what can i say ? more spidey than you can shake a stick at for peanuts . if you ever wished you had the patience to cut out and neatly collect all the sunday paper comics in a nice neat scrap book then this is the book for you . i 'm planning on buying the lot and thoroughly enjoying my strolls down memory lane 
books pos 290.txt the book is set up with an activity for each letter of the alphabet . the activities can be used in any order , which works for teachers who want to integrate this into their existing curriculum . the reproducibles are quality learning material , yet still entertaining for primary students 
books pos 745.txt this book written by don brown is a wonderful children 's book . in this story , set in 1870 , mary kingsley uses her childhood to motivate her travels to africa . mary begins the story as a child , who is taking care of her ill mother . her father travels a lot , and is rarely home . although mary never attended school she loves to read and uses this to escape . mary , now an adult travels to africa which was a big accomplishment for a woman at that time . the book tells some of her experiences in africa . without revealing what happens at the end , i will tell you that mary has many experiences in this children 's book . she takes the reader through her life . the illustrations in the book help the reader visualize mary 's life . this is not my favorite children 's book , but i would highly recommend this book to any parent or child . it kept my interest and it is sure to keep yours 
books pos 739.txt " doctor livingstone i presume ? " is undoubtedly one of the most well known quotes in history . very few people , however , are familiar with the history underlying the meeting of dr. david livingstone and henry morton stanley . this book details the lives of the two men and the historical background through which they were thrown together . livingstone , one of the foremost explorers of his day is searching for the source of the nile river . through a combination of bad luck , poor planning , disease , weather , natives , etc. , livingstone is virtually stranded on the banks of lake tangyanika . henry stanley , a newspaper correspondent undertakes a rescue mission at the direction of his publicity hungry publisher . this book details that mission and the international setting under which it took place . the perils of african exploration in the late 19th century cannot be overstated . this book does an excellent job impressing this upon the reader . i found this book very similar in style and experience to undaunted courage ( which detailed the voyage of discovery undertaken by lewis and clark ) and river of doubt ( dealing with theodore roosevelt 's exploration of the amazon basin . if you enjoyed either of these books , you will like this one as well . if you read this book and enjoy it , i highly recommend the other two 
books pos 544.txt in march 2006 , there are only three or four books that boast haskell in their titles . they are all excellent books . but the world can benefit from more haskell books . in fact , we are in need of such books , especially cs1 texts . this book is a pleasure to read . i suspect that even math haters will not find it hostile . anyone learning haskell will find the book and its companion web site a valuable resouce . on the web site , you will find the source code from the book , such as powerseries.hs . you can quickly play and experiment with it ; read and learn from it . i wish more books are as pleasant and affordable ( $25 ) 
books pos 754.txt generations of hate come together in this book . pete braga killed franklin mcmichael dead in a claim of self-defense in the summer of 1952. the next generation carried on the tradition when gabriel mcmichael supposedly beat pete 's son , victor , so severely that he suffered permanent brain damage , rendering him with the iq of a ten-year old . the third generation was nave to all this hatred when thomas mcmichael fell in love with pete 's granddaughter patricia . the love of his life was driven away at a young age when grandfather pete refused to permit their love to blossom . while the mcmichael family existed in near poverety , the braga family thrived in power and money . so now thomas has a problem . the root of all his family 's hatred , pete braga , has been found dead . he was murdered by someone at his home . thomas has been assigned the case to find out who wanted the old man dead . given his many enemies , the list of suspects is long . it does n't help that the first suspect , sally rainwater...pete 's personal nurse , becomes the object of thomas ' heart as the investigation unravels . the story twists and turns through many leads and many unexpected plot points as thomas mcmichael is determined , despite his family 's hatred of pete , to find out who is behind the killing and why . author t . jefferson parker does an excellent job in keeping the reader involved and interested in the story with his enthralling style . frederick a . babb 
books pos 174.txt well , i just wanted to say that i am purchasing this to learn more about what could be , my ancestor ! yup ! my name is jackie kidd . i have been forever interested in anything that has to do with captain kidd . get this , we all have nicknames at my job and i am called : captain kidd . people think i 'm wacked , but i do n't care . i think he was a good pirate , he just got caught . i have been trying to trace my family tree to him . nothing is for sure just yet . but i wear my uniform well ! i have a pirate costume that i wear every halloween . i stand firm in my heritage , if this is who i am 
books pos 777.txt this is a great book . i could n't wait to see what was going to happen next and how all the mixups would be straightened out ! it is a very funny and delightful book , i hope there will be a sequel , we need to know what happens to these people , i feel like i know them 
books pos 126.txt suze orman is excellent in providing advise on all aspects of your financial present and future . it is full on tons of advise covering all avenues of your financial life . very helpful and resoruceful 
books pos 388.txt this text was assigned reading in a psych101 back in 1970 , but its themes have stayed with me so strongly i am now ordering it for my personal library . i was born with a club foot , and experienced the power of being different , even though my personal defect was so minor as to be rarely noticed by others . stigma gave me an appreciation of the force behind my own shame and the reaction to my difference of others . more importantly , i learned about the degrees of identity- - which differences make the most difference ( sex , race , disabilities.. . ) and the increasing intensity that comes with breaking the most closely held norms . a classic study 
books pos 633.txt rites of spring is an unparalleled work of cultural and historical synthesis , and easily the most interesting cultural history of 20th century europe available . 
books pos 595.txt when i was 21 and in my first year of graduate school , paul fussell 's & quot ; poetic meter and poetic form&quot ; was one of the first text books assigned to me . when i bought the book and saw how slim it was , i snickered , & quot ; grad school 's gonna be a walk in the park ! & quot ; yeah , right ! this densely packed tome is not for the uninitiated and definitely not absorbed in just one reading . on and off , over the last 20 years , i have come back to this book to refresh my memory and , usually , to astonish myself . the book 's real strength , besides professor fussell 's obvious command of his subject , and his ability to convey that command , is in the sprinkling of dozens of anecdotes by and about poets about other poets and poetry . even at this late date in my life , i ca n't pretend to understand the entire book but what i do understand i admire and respect . & quot ; poetic meter and poetic form&quot ; is not recommended to anyone studying poetry ; it is urgently required 
books pos 234.txt received qickly and in great condition 
books pos 670.txt i pass the exam this morning with 83 %. from total time i spend 70% time reading this book . this book is good if you have limited time to prepare for scjp . it does n't have boring description . the authors have done excellent job to extract out core concept from exam point of view . however , there are some typos and cds is not useful . i could n't able to access what is inside cds . anyway it was worth canadian $ 55 investment . i did refer khalid mughal book to clear some of the funda and practice examples 
books pos 34.txt since 1965 i 've taught this " truth " based upon metaphysical studies . now , at last , there is scientific evidence supporting the fact that emotions create facts 
books pos 565.txt this book of eight stories by virginia woolf shows virginia 's mind at work demonstrating her & quot ; stream of consciousness . &quot ; each story flows from one thought to another asking different questions about life . for example , & quot ; the mark on the wall&quot ; questions the meaning of life and existence . & quot ; an unwritten novel&quot ; is about what people hide and what you do n't know about a person you seat next to on an & quot ; omnibus . &quot ; all these stories will make you look at life in a slightly different way 
books pos 119.txt the spiritual quest made understandable . tolle is able to communicate new ways of thinking that are life changing , and are not so esoteric to make you say " huh ? " . i would read " the power of now " first 
books pos 82.txt what an absolute lifesaver ! as parents of two kids - ( one dreamer and one dynamo ) we had run through the endless & quot ; experts&quot ; in our town for answers . this is a priceless resource for anyone who wants to stand up with facts to experts in both the medical and the school-related fields . it gives reasons for behavior and what works , and more importantly , why what a lot of people want you to do wo n't work ! i have given it to each teacher / specialist who works with my children . her advice does work and your special bright child will blossom with it . it is written in an engaging and segmented format . be sure to read the part addressing whether or not to medicate . perfect for carpool wait times as most parents of these bright and energetic kids do n't get any other time to sit still 
books pos 886.txt i had no prior experience with music playing ( other than blowing some simple tunes from a harmonica ) and , yet , i found this book to be surprisingly easy to learn from . it smoothly and concisely guides the reader through the key elements of piano playing , starting with one-hand playing , but quickly to two-hands , then chords , etc. , and ending with sharp and flat notes . it is well organized , has well thought out exercises , advices , and a diverse collection of ( short ) attractive tunes of increasing complexity ( from jingle bells to waltzing matilda to silent night to green sleeves to we shall overcome to minuet in g minor ) . i prefer it to other teach-yourself piano books that take much longer to cover the same skills , such as the complete piano player or piano for dummies . i particularly like that it gets to two-hand playing almost right away , which i feel is better preparation- -even if it feels hard and slows the playing initially . it may have helped ( coordination-wise ) that i have been typing for 20+ years with both hands . if you are looking for a book that teaches all the essentials of basic piano playing in a thoughtful and concise way , then i recommend this book . if you perfer a slower pace , then maybe look elsewhere . for me , this was the perfect book to learn from . 
books pos 24.txt i in 1996 i bought and read all the pretty horses first . laughed myself off the train seat in to town . bought the whole lot and read them in chronological order - re-reading pretty horses on the way . along with scenes from the orchard keeper , sutree sticks in my mind - images ideas , flavours , jokes , and a personality that i 'd rather see more of . sutree made me feel that i know this man , and could even like him . great fun , and deserves selfish time to read and unwind after reading . 
books pos 773.txt abel 's island is about a mouse named abel . he encounters a hurricane that separates him from his wife . after the storm , he ends up on an island where he cannot escape because of the current surrounding the island . he tries many ways to return to the place he loves , but all fail . about a year after countless attempts to leave the island , a frog appears by accident . gover , the frog , becomes friends with abel and says he will come back with people to help abel . abel 's plans to return were very interesting . his methods were very creative so it held my attention . my favorite part was when he was fighting the owl . i found a similarity between abel and stuart little . both had to navigate water . stuart little was successful , but was abel ? read the book to find out . 
books pos 523.txt if you love ludlum 's over-the-top novels ( and i do ) , the matarese circle has to be up there with the best . not all of ludlum 's books are a good match of plot and style - - the repeated & quot ; oh my god ! & quot ; declamations of one character after another can get silly when the goings-on are n't as riveting as they could be ( the two bourne sequels suffer from this problem , i think . ) but circle delivers on all fronts . part one is a masterpiece all by itself - - the intricate cat-and-mouse game between talienkov and scofield plays out thrillingly . and these are two of ludlum 's most believably drawn characters ; we feel empathy for both , and root for them to join forces from the get-go . antonia gravet , the inevitable gorgeous heroine / love interest who surfaces in part two , brings a well-crafted and believable backstory to the plot . one final bonus : some of ludlum 's zestiest minor characters appear in this book , adding to the fun in nearly every chapter . 
books pos 652.txt one reviewer claims that this is marred by some of eliot 's unfurtunate preducices . but how come you do n't say something like that about o ' henry . we ca n't just stop reading authers because you we do n't like their views . someone calls hemingway looking forward ? if that 's looking forward i'de rather look backward . hemingway has no concept of lyricism what so ever . most of the people that reviewer named justly loved eliot . eliot is not looking nesscarily towards the past , but towards what we have made out of the present . in name of progress , we have destroyed nature and good part of our souls . to call eliot conservative at the time he wrote the poem would be redicoulous , the first draft according to one of eliot 's biographers , was absolutly a expression of relavtism . one critic accused him being a nihilist . on the poem itself eliot is truly a master at evocating mode and tone , not to mention his brilliant use of imperfect rymthe . so it does n't have the crepty sentimentalism and redicoulous forays of expression of eariler and later poets . so he looks at his poetry with a sense of hard classicism , we could use more of that . yet what he does n't right he evoces through mode and tone , giving us truly one of the best poems of this , or any other century . 
books pos 484.txt this is probably my favorite book in med school so far . it is long , but very readable , has excellent pictures and diagrams , and the clinical cases are fantastic . highly recommended 
books pos 311.txt i 've found the recipes here generally simple and easy to make ahead . mrs. burros is very clear in her instructions ( although i had some problems with a chocolate roll ) and the taste combinations are very good . as this book is an update of her original there are a number of amusing asides on changes in food ingredients and cooking styles between the two editions . not quite a & quot ; must-have&quot ; but useful 
books pos 509.txt i have not been able to put this book down since i received it . i have always dreamed of visiting italy , but until that time comes , i have been redecorating my home to reflect that dream . i now have a & quot ; tuscan kitchen&quot ; that makes me very happy to be in . i bought this book for new ideas , and also to confirm that the elements in my home already are the correct ones . i was thrilled to find these & quot ; tuscan elements&quot ; such as pottery , stones , tiles discussed throughout . and the photographs inspire me to pay attention to details . it 's all about the textures of the walls , the colors , how you display your ceramics....the pictures are beautiful . i may not get to italy any time soon , but this book helped bring my dream a little closer to home 
books pos 943.txt craig cockran has reprized his first work with a text that is as rich as it is inspiring . detail oriented , yet captivating and simple to read , this book belongs in the library of anyone who is invested in the qi process or just starting a qi program . the writer has once again shown a unique grasp of business and the instructional process . i look forward to the next installment from this outstanding author 
books pos 435.txt excellent book ! i would have liked to have seen the author delve into several more of the cadets ' lives , but what 's there is great 
books pos 331.txt hard to figure why sean stewart is n't one of the most beloved writers in america , given the virtuoso performance he 's demonstrated here and the remarkably sympathetic character he 's created in will kennedy . a combination horror / fantasy work which is as reminiscent of a confederacy of dunces as it is ghosts , by hynd , this novel is filled with so much warmth and life that it 's hard to remember that this actually is a story about a man who understands that the past , too , can be a ghost , and perhaps the worst kind . perfect circle is everything every other supposed 5-star horror novel featured on amazon is supposed to be : well-written , compelling , with rich , empathetic characters and a driving force and tension all its own . it 's a wonderful introduction to mr. stewart 's work 
books pos 258.txt finally a plan that works ! i have been able to keep my ideal weight , feel great and still enjoy the beneficial foods for my blood type ! this book makes a difference for those out there who have had problems with weight gain or poor health . try it ! my friend recommended this book highly [... 
